ANTIC begins executing the Display List pointed to by the 16-bit address in registers DLISTL/DLISTH ($D402-$D403ₕₑₓ/54274-54275dec). The address registers are incremented by ANTIC automatically as each instruction is executed.  ANTIC can only update the lowest 10 bits of the address during the automatic increment limiting the display list to begin and end within a 1K address range._NEWLINE_The registers are also updated during Display List execution by ANTIC's JMP (Jump) and JVB (Jump and wait for Vertical Blank).  These instructions load the full 16-bits of address, so can be used to circumvent the 1K Display List limitation._NEWLINE_The address is also updated by the Operating System's Vertical Blank Interrupt (VBI) routine using the values from Operation System shadow registers SDLSTL/SDLSTH ($0230-$0231ₕₑₓ/560-561dec).  When the OS VBI routine is enabled direct updates to the ANTIC DLIST registers by the CPU or the ANTIC Jump instructions will be overwritten by the OS during the next Vertical Blank.  Since VBI processing is the usual state of the system, most programs rely on this and only update the OS shadow registers (SDLSTL/SDLSTH $0230-$0231ₕₑₓ/560-561dec) to set the Display List.
Bit6: position value $40, loads a new address for the start of screen memory for the current Playfield mode line._NEWLINE_The LMS option loads ANTIC's screen memory scan address with the 16-bit value in the two bytes following the instruction.  The Character or Map mode specified will begin displaying bytes from that address.   The LMS option must appear in the first Playfield Mode Instruction line (not Blank Line) in the Display List to initialize ANTIC to begin reading at the start of screen memory.  Most of the Operating System-generated full screen modes will have only that one occurrence of the LMS modifier present in the Display List.  ANTIC will automatically increment its LMS address at the end of each mode line in preparation for the next line.  As long as screen memory does not cross over a 4K boundary the LMS modifier is not needed on subsequent Playfield Mode Instructions._NEWLINE_Full screen displays using Playfield Map Modes E or F will have a second occurrence of the LMS modifier on a Map Instruction near the middle of the screen, since the full display requires more than 4K of screen memory. (Mode F displays include high res 320 pixel lines, and the GTIA display modes.)_NEWLINE_Combining the Map and Character Mode instructions with the LMS bit makes it possible to set the screen memory address freely within the 64K address space independently for each display line. In other words, the screen memory does not have to be completely contiguous memory scanned sequentially towards higher addresses - only that a single Mode line must be provided with adequate sequential bytes of memory to meet the requirements of that Mode, width of the display, and Scrolling feature.
The ANTIC chip allows a variety of different Playfield modes and widths.  However, the original Atari Operating System included with the Atari 800/400 computers provides easy access to a limited subset of these graphics modes. ANTIC Playfield modes are exposed to users through Atari BASIC via the "GRAPHICS" command, and to some other languages, via similar system calls. Oddly, the modes not directly supported by the original OS and BASIC are modes most useful for games. The later version of the OS used in the Atari 8-bit XL/XE computers added support for most of these "missing" graphics modes._NEWLINE_The ANTIC chip uses a Display List and other settings to create these modes.  Any graphics mode in the default GTIA color interpretation can be freely mixed without CPU intervention by changing instructions in the Display List._NEWLINE_The ANTIC screen geometry is not fixed.  A hardware register can direct ANTIC to display  narrow playfield (128 color clocks/256 hi-res pixels wide), normal width playfield (160 color clocks/320 hi-res pixels wide), and wide, overscan playfield (192 color clocks/384 hi-res pixels wide).  While the Operating System's default height for graphics modes is 192 scan lines Antic can display vertical overscan up to 240 TV scan lines tall by creating a custom Display List._NEWLINE_Mode F produces colors through NTSC artifacting and works in a similar manner to the Apple II's graphics modes. The pixel resolution is 320 across but the color resolution half that, thus each group of two pixels will "blend" together to form a single color and four artifact colors may be generated this way. They will be tinted if the foreground and background color are set to something other than black/white/gray. The exact colors produced this way vary with different Atari 8-bit models and also between the CTIA and GTIA chips, thus undesirable artifact colors may result from running software that uses Mode F on a machine other than the one it was developed for. It was not possible to obtain artifact coloring on PAL machines and Mode F will be monochrome on them._NEWLINE_Mode F was not widely used by software due to its high memory requirements (8k) and inconsistent artifact colors that did not appear the same on every model of Atari 8-bit computer. Games that utilize it include Sierra graphical adventures such as Troll's Tale and Wizard and the Princess, Lode Runner, and the Ultima series._NEWLINE_The video display system was designed with careful consideration of NTSC display methods and limitations.  The system CPU clock and video hardware are synchronized to one-half the NTSC clock frequency. Consequently, the pixel output of all display modes is based on the size of the NTSC color clock which is the minimum time needed to guarantee correct and consistent color regardless of the pixel's horizontal location on the screen. The result is accurate pixel size and coloring that does not display color "strobing" defects when horizontally scrolled. (Color strobing is unsightly hue changes in pixels based on horizontal position which is caused when signal changes do not align with the color clock and so do not provide the TV/monitor hardware adequate time to reach the correct color.)
The 6502 Accumulator, X and Y register contents are not preserved before entry to the DLI routine. It is the responsibility of the DLI routine to save the state of the registers that will be used during the DLI routine, and then the last action is to restore the original values of the registers before exiting with an RTI instruction. Routines typically push the register values to the 6502 stack._NEWLINE_If multiple DLIs are used the first interrupt updates VDSLST to point to the address of the next interrupt, and so on for subsequent interrupts. The last Display List Interrupt routine on the screen points VDSLST back to the address of the first Display List Interrupt._NEWLINE_If a value changed by a DLI has an Operating System Shadow register and the Vertical Blank Interrupts are enabled, then the value in effect before (above) the screen position of the Display List Interrupt is the value of the Shadow, and the value after (below) the screen position is the value from the DLI (and any other DLI that later changes it.)  If the value does not have an Operating System Shadow then there should be an initial DLI (or VBI) routine which sets a starting value._NEWLINE_If a graphics object is being displayed while the DLI changes its value the results may be inconsistent.  The most common example is changing the background color.  Since the DLI begins executing while the electron beam is in a visible portion of the screen, the transition from the previous background color to the new color written by the DLI will be visible somewhere on the current scan line.  (The exact location varies based on DMA requirements for the display mode and Player/Missile graphics.)  To produce a clean transition from scan line to scan line the code should first write to WSYNC which halts the DLI execution until the end of the scan line, and then write to the desired registers._NEWLINE_While the usual operation of the DLI is to change a few display-oriented values, and then return to the main code, this is not a requirement.  It is safe for a DLI to run for several, or many scan lines as long as it exits before the next DLI or the Vertical Blank Interrupt.
His Royal Highness attended Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University staff school Bauchi for his primary education, then proceeded to federal Government college Kwali in Abuja and subsequently federal government college Billiri in Gombe State for his secondary education. he was admitted into University of Abuja to study Geography which he later left to enrolled in Middlesex University London (Dubai Campus) where he graduated with B.Sc. Hons Software Engineering with IT & BIS.
Apache Beam is one implementation of the Dataflow model paper. The Dataflow model is based on previous work on distributed processing abstractions at Google, in particular on FlumeJava and Millwheel._NEWLINE_Google released an open SDK implementation of the Dataflow model in 2014 and an environment to execute Dataflows locally (non-distributed) as well as in the Google Cloud Platform service._NEWLINE_In 2016 Google donated the core SDK as well as the implementation of a local runner, and a set of IOs (data connectors) to access Google Cloud Platform data services to the Apache Software Foundation. Other companies and members of the community have contributed runners for existing distributed execution platforms, as well as new IOs to integrate the Beam Runners with existing Databases, Key-Value stores and Message systems. Additionally new DSLs have been proposed to support specific domain needs on top of the Beam Model.
Appeal Virtual Machines was a Swedish company created in 1998 by students from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm. They were mainly known for their JRockit Java Virtual Machine._NEWLINE_They were acquired in 2002 by BEA Systems, who became part of Oracle Corporation in 2008._NEWLINE_As of 2010, some of the company founders still worked for Oracle.
Artifact-centric modeling is an area of growing interest. Nigam and Caswell introduced the concept of business artifacts and information-centric processing of artifact lifecycles. Kumaran et al.'s further studies on artifact-centric business processes can be found here. Bhattacharya described a successful business engagement which applies business artifact techniques to industrialize discovery processes in pharmaceutical research. Liu et al. formulated nine commonly used patterns in information-centric business operation models and developed a computational model based on Petri Nets. Bhattacharya, K., et al. provides a formal model for artifact-centric business processes with complexity results concerning static analysis of the semantics of such processes. Kumaran et al. presented the formalized information-centric approach to discovering business entities from activity-centric process models and transforming such models into artifact-centric business process models. An algorithm was provided to achieve this transformation automatically._NEWLINE_Other approaches related to artifact-centric modelling can be found in,. Van der Aalst et al. provides a case-handling approach where a process is driven by the presence of data objects instead of control flows. A case is similar to the business entity concept in many respects. Wang and Kumar proposed the document-driven workflow systems which is designed based on data dependencies without the need for explicit control flows. Muller et al. also introduced the framework for the data-driven modelling of large process structures, namely COREPRO. The approach reduces modelling efforts significantly and provides mechanisms for maintaining data-driven process structures._NEWLINE_Another related thread of work is the use of state machines to model object lifecycles. Industries often define data objects and standardize their lifecycles as state machines to facilitate interoperability between industry partners and enforce legal regulations. Redding et al. and Küster et al. give techniques to generate business processes which are compliant with predefined object lifecycles. In addition, event-driven process modelling, for example, Event-driven Process Chains (EPC), also describes object lifecycles glued by events._NEWLINE_More recent and closely related work on artifact-centric process model can be found in. Gerede and Su developed a specification language ABSL to specify artifact behaviours in artifact-centric process models. The authors showed decidability results of our language for different cases and provided key insights on how artifact-centric view can affect the specification of desirable business properties. Gerede et al. identified important classes of properties on artifact-centric operational models focusing on persistence, uniqueness and arrival properties. They proposed a formal model for artifact-centric operational models to enable a static analysis of these properties and showed that the formal model guarantees persistence and uniqueness._NEWLINE_Fritz, Hull, and Su formulated the technical problem of goal-directed workflow construction in the context of declarative artifact-centric workflow, and develop results concerning the general setting, design time analysis, and the synthesis of workflow schemas from goal specifications. The work is among the important initial steps along the path towards eventual support for tools that enable substantial automation for workflow design, analysis, and modification. Deutsch et al. introduced the artifact system model, which formalizes a business process modelling paradigm that has recently attracted the attention of both the industrial and research communities. The problem of automatic verification of artifact systems, with the goal of increasing confidence in the correctness of such business processes is also studied._NEWLINE_Sira and Chengfei proposed a novel view framework for artifact-centric business processes. It consists of artifact-centric process model, process view model, a set of consistency rules, and the construction approach for building process views. The formal model of artifact-centric business processes and views, namely ACP, is defined and used to describe artifacts, services, business rules that control the processes, as well as views. They developed a bottom-up abstraction mechanism for process view construction to derive views from underlying process models according to view requirements. Consistency rules are also defined to preserve the consistency between constructed view and its underlying process. This work can be considered as one approach to the abstraction, i.e., generalization of artifact-centric business processes. The framework has also been extended to address modelling and change validation of inter-organizational business processes.
The Mudbox user interface is a 3D environment that allows the creation of movable cameras that can be bookmarked. Models created within the program typically start as a polygon mesh that can be manipulated with a variety of different tools. A model can be subdivided to increase its resolution and the number of polygons available to sculpt with. 3D layers allow the user to store different detail passes, blending them with multiplier sliders and layer masks. Using layers the user is able to sculpt and mould their 3D model without making permanent changes._NEWLINE_As a detailing app, Mudbox can import and export .obj, .fbx, and .bio files, as well as its own .mud format. A typical workflow is to create a relatively simple (low polygon count) model in a 3D modeling application and then import it to Mudbox for sculpting. Subdivision of models occurs using the Catmull-Clark subdivision algorithm._NEWLINE_The sculpting tool set contains an assortment of brushes with adjustable falloffs._NEWLINE_The use of 3D layers allows for design visualization, non-destructive sculpting, and high polygon counts. Since the layers combine additively, their ordering is unimportant for the final model and may be created arbitrarily. Curves can be created and projected on a mesh for use as precise masking. All of the standard transform and selection tools are here as well. Paint layers were added in Mudbox 2009._NEWLINE_Design visualization plays an important role in Mudbox's production value. Simple poly primitives can be created from within Mudbox, facilitating the creation of busts, props, terrain, etc._NEWLINE_Mudbox also includes stamps and stencils. Stencils work by overlaying a grayscale, or "alpha channel" image, such as a bump map, over the mesh. The artist can then project part or all of the image's detail onto the mesh through brush strokes, providing a method to quickly sculpt surface detail._NEWLINE_The underlying architecture of Mudbox was updated in Mudbox 2009 to allow the sculpting of models with larger polygon counts compared to earlier versions. In Mudbox 2009 3D painting and texturing features were introduced to allow artists to paint directly on their models in 3D. In addition, features to display the model with depth of field and ambient occlusion were added for the release._NEWLINE_In Mudbox 2010, an application programming interface (API) was introduced via a software development kit (SDK). In addition, functionality to improve file interoperability with other 3D applications (Autodesk Maya, 3ds Max etc.) was added via the FBX file format.
A loop is called DOALL if all of its iterations, in any given invocation, can be executed concurrently._NEWLINE_The Fortran code below is DOALL, and can be auto-parallelized by a compiler because each iteration is independent of the others, and the final result of array z will be correct regardless of the execution order of the other iterations._NEWLINE_   do i = 1, n_NEWLINE_     z(i) = x(i) + y(i)_NEWLINE_   enddo_NEWLINE_There are many pleasingly parallel problems that have such DOALL loops._NEWLINE_For example, when rendering a ray-traced movie,_NEWLINE_each frame of the movie can be independently rendered,_NEWLINE_and each pixel of a single frame may be independently rendered._NEWLINE_On the other hand, the following code cannot be auto-parallelized, because the value of z(i) depends on the result of the previous iteration, z(i - 1)._NEWLINE_   do i = 2, n_NEWLINE_     z(i) = z(i - 1)*2_NEWLINE_   enddo_NEWLINE_This does not mean that the code cannot be parallelized. Indeed, it is equivalent to_NEWLINE_   do i = 2, n_NEWLINE_     z(i) = z(1)*2**(i - 1)_NEWLINE_   enddo_NEWLINE_However, current parallelizing compilers are not usually capable of bringing out these parallelisms automatically, and it is questionable whether this code would benefit from parallelization in the first place.
The BKM algorithm is a shift-and-add algorithm for computing elementary functions, first published in 1994 by Jean-Claude Bajard, Sylvanus Kla, and Jean-Michel Muller.  BKM is based on computing complex logarithms (L-mode) and exponentials (E-mode) using a method similar to the algorithm Henry Briggs used to compute logarithms.  By using a precomputed table of logarithms of negative powers of two, the BKM algorithm computes elementary functions using only integer add, shift, and compare operations._NEWLINE_BKM is similar to CORDIC, but uses a table of logarithms rather than a table of arctangents.  On each iteration, a choice of coefficient is made from a set of nine complex numbers, 1, 0, −1, i, −i, 1+i, 1−i, −1+i, −1−i, rather than only −1 or +1 as used by CORDIC.  BKM provides a simpler method of computing some elementary functions, and unlike CORDIC, BKM needs no result scaling factor.  The convergence rate of BKM is approximately one bit per iteration, like CORDIC, but BKM requires more precomputed table elements for the same precision because the table stores logarithms of complex operands._NEWLINE_As with other algorithms in the shift-and-add class, BKM is particularly well-suited to hardware implementation.  The relative performance of software BKM implementation in comparison to other methods such as polynomial or rational approximations will depend on the availability of fast multi-bit shifts (i.e. a barrel shifter) or hardware floating point arithmetic.
Blaster Worm  (also known as Lovsan, Lovesan, or MSBlast) was a computer worm that spread on computers running operating systems Windows XP and Windows 2000 during August 2003._NEWLINE_The worm was first noticed and started spreading on August 11, 2003.  The rate that it spread increased until the number of infections peaked on August 13, 2003. Once a network (such as a company or university) was infected, it spread quicker within the network because firewalls typically did not prevent internal machines from using a certain port. Filtering by ISPs and widespread publicity about the worm curbed the spread of Blaster._NEWLINE_On March 12, 2004, Jeffrey Lee Parson, an 18-year-old from Hopkins, Minnesota, was arrested for creating the B variant of the Blaster worm; he admitted responsibility and was sentenced to an 18-month prison term in January 2005.
According to court papers, the original Blaster was created after security researchers from the Chinese group Xfocus reverse engineered the original Microsoft patch that allowed for execution of the attack._NEWLINE_The worm spreads by exploiting a buffer overflow discovered by the Polish security research group Last Stage of Delirium in the DCOM RPC service on the affected operating systems, for which a patch had been released one month earlier in MS03-026 and later in MS03-039. This allowed the worm to spread without users opening attachments simply by spamming itself to large numbers of random IP addresses. Four versions have been detected in the wild. These are the most well-known exploits of the original flaw in RPC, but there were in fact another 12 different vulnerabilities that did not see as much media attention._NEWLINE_The worm was programmed to start a SYN flood against port 80 of windowsupdate.com if the system date is after August 15 and before December 31 and after the 15th day of other months, thereby creating a distributed denial of service attack (DDoS) against the site. The damage to Microsoft was minimal as the site targeted was windowsupdate.com, rather than windowsupdate.microsoft.com, to which the former was redirected. Microsoft temporarily shut down the targeted site to minimize potential effects from the worm._NEWLINE_The worm's executable, MSBlast.exe, contains two messages. The first reads:_NEWLINE_I just want to say LOVE YOU SAN!!_NEWLINE_This message gave the worm the alternative name of Lovesan. The second reads:_NEWLINE_billy gates why do you make this possible ? Stop making money_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_and fix your software!!_NEWLINE_This is a message to Bill Gates, the co-founder of Microsoft and the target of the worm._NEWLINE_The worm also creates the following registry entry so that it is launched every time Windows starts:_NEWLINE_HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run\ windows auto update=msblast.exe
In philosophy of science, a causal model (or structural causal model)  is a conceptual model that describes the causal mechanisms of a system. Causal models can improve study designs by providing clear rules for deciding which independent variables need to be included/controlled for. _NEWLINE_They can allow some questions to be answered from existing observational data without the need for an interventional study such as a randomized controlled trial. Some interventional studies are inappropriate for ethical or practical reasons, meaning that without a causal model, some hypotheses cannot be tested. _NEWLINE_Causal models can help with the question of external validity (whether results from one study apply to unstudied populations). Causal models can allow data from multiple studies to be merged (in certain circumstances) to answer questions that cannot be answered by any individual data set._NEWLINE_Causal models are falsifiable, in that if they do not match data, they must be rejected as invalid._NEWLINE_Causal models have found applications in signal processing, epidemiology and machine learning.
The do calculus is the set of manipulations that are available to transform one expression into another, with the general goal of transforming expressions that contain the do operator into expressions that do not. Expressions that do not include the do operator can be estimated from observational data alone, without the need for an experimental intervention, which might be expensive, lengthy or even unethical (e.g., asking subjects to take up smoking). The set of rules is complete (it can be used to derive every true statement in this system). An algorithm can determine whether, for a given model, a solution is computable in polynomial time.
Change control within quality management systems (QMS) and information technology (IT) systems  is a process—either formal or informal—used to ensure that changes to a product or system are introduced in a controlled and coordinated manner. It reduces the possibility that unnecessary changes will be introduced to a system without forethought, introducing faults into the system or undoing changes made by other users of software.  The goals of a change control procedure usually include minimal disruption to services, reduction in back-out activities, and cost-effective utilization of resources involved in implementing change._NEWLINE_Change control is used in various industries, including in IT, software development, the pharmaceutical industry, the medical device industry, and other engineering/manufacturing industries. For the IT and software industries, change control is a major aspect of the broader discipline of change management. Typical examples from the computer and network environments are patches to software products, installation of new operating systems, upgrades to network routing tables, or changes to the electrical power systems supporting such infrastructure._NEWLINE_Certain portions of the Information Technology Infrastructure Library cover change control.
In response, the website has discouraged under-18s from using the site, and prohibits "pornographic" behavior. Users who experience harassment or witness illegal, immoral, or pornographic activity may report the offending user. If three users complain about the same participant within five minutes, the user is temporarily banned from the service. In August 2012, Chatroulette removed the Safe Mode feature of the website, and posted new terms and conditions, stating that nudity was no longer allowed on any part of the site. Chatroulette later changed their terms of use, making it a requirement that all users sign up before using the service._NEWLINE_Early in the site's operation, an algorithm was developed to successfully filter out large quantities of obscene content on Chatroulette, considering that as much as 30% of the 8.5 million monthly unique visitors are under 18 years of age. This has led to a higher proportion of female users accessing the service due to the cleanup. The image recognition algorithms automatically flag users broadcasting sexual content. The filter works in a manner that it identifies excessive amounts of revealed skin while simultaneously recognizes faces as appropriate. A 20,000-user-based sample study proved that the algorithm is able to filter out nearly 60% of the offensive material along with ads on the site. While the video streams are transmitted in a peer-to-peer manner, without passing through the site's server, Chatroulette does periodically take screenshots of the users' video content. Humans then check the screenshots flagged by the algorithms and proceed to block the offending users for a period of time. In an interview, Ternovskiy states, "While recognition software improves, we have employed a moderation team to review pictures manually. We now have around 100 moderators who are all monitoring all webcam feeds and marking inappropriate ones. The combination of filter technology and moderation results in the banning of 50,000 inappropriate users daily."
The cis notation was first coined by William Rowan Hamilton in Elements of Quaternions (1866) and subsequently used by Irving Stringham in works such as Uniplanar Algebra (1893), or by James Harkness and Frank Morley in their Introduction to the Theory of Analytic Functions (1898). It connects trigonometric functions with exponential functions in the complex plane via Euler's formula._NEWLINE_It is mostly used as a convenient shorthand notation to simplify some expressions, for example in conjunction with Fourier and Hartley transforms, or when exponential functions shouldn't be used for some reason in math education._NEWLINE_In information technology, the function sees dedicated support in various high-performance math libraries (such as Intel's Math Kernel Library (MKL)), available for many compilers, programming languages (including C, C++, Common Lisp, D, Fortran, Haskell, Julia), and operating systems (including Windows, Linux, macOS and HP-UX). Depending on the platform the fused operation is about twice as fast as calling the sine and cosine functions individually.
B.Tech. Programmes_NEWLINE_   • Civil Engineering_NEWLINE_   • Computer Science & Engineering _NEWLINE_   • Electrical & Electronics Engineering_NEWLINE_   • Electronics & Communication Engineering_NEWLINE_   • Information Technology _NEWLINE_   • Mechanical Engineering_NEWLINE_M.Tech. Programmes_NEWLINE_Electronics & Communication Engineering_NEWLINE_   • Signal Processing_NEWLINE_Mechanical Engineering_NEWLINE_   • Manufacturing Systems and Management
Computational chemistry is a branch of chemistry that uses computer simulation to assist in solving chemical problems. It uses methods of theoretical chemistry, incorporated into efficient computer programs, to calculate the structures and properties of molecules and solids. It is necessary because, apart from relatively recent results concerning the hydrogen molecular ion (dihydrogen cation, see references therein for more details), the quantum many-body problem cannot be solved analytically, much less in closed form.  While computational results normally complement the information obtained by chemical experiments, it can in some cases predict hitherto unobserved chemical phenomena. It is widely used in the design of new drugs and materials._NEWLINE_Examples of such properties are structure (i.e., the expected positions of the constituent atoms), absolute and relative (interaction) energies, electronic charge density distributions, dipoles and higher multipole moments, vibrational frequencies, reactivity, or other spectroscopic quantities, and cross sections for collision with other particles._NEWLINE_The methods used cover both static and dynamic situations. In all cases, the computer time and other resources (such as memory and disk space) increase rapidly with the size of the system being studied.  That system can be one molecule, a group of molecules, or a solid.  Computational chemistry methods range from very approximate to highly accurate; the latter are usually feasible for small systems only. Ab initio methods are based entirely on quantum mechanics and basic physical constants. Other methods are called empirical or semi-empirical because they use additional empirical parameters._NEWLINE_Both ab initio and semi-empirical approaches involve approximations.  These range from simplified forms of the first-principles equations that are easier or faster to solve, to approximations limiting the size of the system (for example, periodic boundary conditions), to fundamental approximations to the underlying equations that are required to achieve any solution to them at all.  For example, most ab initio calculations make the Born–Oppenheimer approximation, which greatly simplifies the underlying Schrödinger equation by assuming that the nuclei remain in place during the calculation.  In principle, ab initio methods eventually converge to the exact solution of the underlying equations as the number of approximations is reduced.  In practice, however, it is impossible to eliminate all approximations, and residual error inevitably remains.  The goal of computational chemistry is to minimize this residual error while keeping the calculations tractable._NEWLINE_In some cases, the details of electronic structure are less important than the long-time phase space behavior of molecules. This is the case in conformational studies of proteins and protein-ligand binding thermodynamics. Classical approximations to the potential energy surface are used, as they are computationally less intensive than electronic calculations, to enable longer simulations of molecular dynamics. Furthermore, cheminformatics uses even more empirical (and computationally cheaper) methods like machine learning based on physicochemical properties. One typical problem in cheminformatics is to predict the binding affinity of drug molecules to a given target.
The words exact and perfect do not apply here, as very few aspects of chemistry can be computed exactly. However, almost every aspect of chemistry can be described in a qualitative or approximate quantitative computational scheme._NEWLINE_Molecules consist of nuclei and electrons, so the methods of quantum mechanics apply. Computational chemists often attempt to solve the non-relativistic Schrödinger equation, with relativistic corrections added, although some progress has been made in solving the fully relativistic Dirac equation. In principle, it is possible to solve the Schrödinger equation in either its time-dependent or time-independent form, as appropriate for the problem in hand; in practice, this is not possible except for very small systems. Therefore, a great number of approximate methods strive to achieve the best trade-off between accuracy and computational cost._NEWLINE_Accuracy can always be improved with greater computational cost. Significant errors can present themselves in ab initio models comprising many electrons, due to the computational cost of full relativistic-inclusive methods. This complicates the study of molecules interacting with high atomic mass unit atoms, such as transitional metals and their catalytic properties. Present algorithms in computational chemistry can routinely calculate the properties of small molecules that contain up to about 40 electrons with errors for energies less than a few kJ/mol. For geometries, bond lengths can be predicted within a few picometres and bond angles within 0.5 degrees. The treatment of larger molecules that contain a few dozen atoms is computationally tractable by more approximate methods such as density functional theory (DFT)._NEWLINE_There is some dispute within the field whether or not the latter methods are sufficient to describe complex chemical reactions, such as those in biochemistry. Large molecules can be studied by semi-empirical approximate methods. Even larger molecules are treated by classical mechanics methods that use what are called molecular mechanics (MM).  In QM-MM methods, small parts of large complexes are treated quantum mechanically (QM), and the remainder is treated approximately (MM).
By the time of the War of 1812, Tiffany was an elderly man known as "Old Tiffany" and served as Commodore Perry's personal servant. During the tumultuous battle on Lake Erie, Perry commanded Tiffany to stand with a musket on the berth deck and make sure no soldiers avoided fighting by staying below deck._NEWLINE_After staying by Perry's side for the full battle, Tiffany continued to serve with Perry. Some accounts say he stayed with Perry until Perry's death in 1819, while other records show that Tiffany died aboard the USS Java in 1818 and was buried at sea._NEWLINE_It has been estimated that approximately 10 percent of the sailors aboard Perry's ships were black men. Because of their experience in maritime trades, African Americans possessed skills that greatly helped Perry's campaign on Lake Erie. Other black sailors in the battle include Jesse Williams and Newport Hazard, who were both wounded in action. Several others were killed, including Jesse Walls and Isaac Hardy. Those who survived had varying experiences later — Williams was given a silver medal from the state of Pennsylvania for his service, but ship boy Jack Russell had to turn over his prize money to his master George Mason upon returning home.
Digital Forensics Framework offers a graphical user interface (GUI) developed in PyQt and a classical tree view. Features such as recursive view, tagging, live search and bookmarking are available. Its command line interface allows the user to remotely perform digital investigation.  It comes with common shell functions such as completion, task management, globing and keyboard shortcuts. DFF can run batch scripts at startup to automate repetitive tasks. Advanced users and developers can use DFF directly from a Python interpreter to script their investigation.
1911_NEWLINE_Introduction of SSLC Examinations_NEWLINE_1972_NEWLINE_Computerised Mark Certificates issued from_NEWLINE_1975_NEWLINE_Formation of Directorate of Government Examinations_NEWLINE_1978_NEWLINE_Introduction of Matriculation and Anglo-Indian Examinations_NEWLINE_1980_NEWLINE_Introduction of Higher Secondary Examination_NEWLINE_1980_NEWLINE_Formation of Regional Deputy Directorate of Government Examinations – Madurai Region._NEWLINE_1980_NEWLINE_Formation of Regional Deputy Directorate of Government Examinations – Coimbatore Region._NEWLINE_1982_NEWLINE_Formation of Regional Deputy Directorate of Government Examinations – Trichy Region._NEWLINE_1984_NEWLINE_Formation of Regional Deputy Directorate of Government Examinations – Chennai Region._NEWLINE_1987_NEWLINE_Formation of Regional Deputy Directorate of Government Examinations – Tirunelveli Region._NEWLINE_1989_NEWLINE_Implementation of Improvement scheme in Higher Secondary Examination – allowing passed candidates to re-appear again for improving their marks._NEWLINE_1994_NEWLINE_Formation of Regional Deputy Directorate of Government Examinations – Cuddalore Region._NEWLINE_1996_NEWLINE_Introduction of Aural / Oral skill test in Paper II of languages Part I & II in Higher Secondary Examination._NEWLINE_1999_NEWLINE_Formation of Regional Deputy Directorate of Government Examinations – Vellore Region._NEWLINE_2000_NEWLINE_Affixing Hologram stickers in the Mark Certificates_NEWLINE_2000_NEWLINE_Printing of Bi-lingual Mark Certificates in Tamil & English languages._NEWLINE_2000_NEWLINE_Use of OMR sheets for answering 75 one mark questions in Higher Secondary Computer Science subject was introduced._NEWLINE_2001_NEWLINE_System of issuing photocopy of Answer scripts and Revaluation of Answer Scripts for four subjects such as Maths, Physics, Chemistry and Biology was introduced._NEWLINE_2001_NEWLINE_Minimum pass Marks fixed for theory and practical Examinations for Higher Secondary (30/50 marks for Practical, 40/150 marks for Theory)_NEWLINE_2002_NEWLINE_Introduction of special supplementary examination (Instant exam) in June / July for those who failed in one or two subjects in Higher Secondary Examination._NEWLINE_2003_NEWLINE_Introduction of Special Admission Sheme (Tatkal scheme) for receiving application from Private candidates who failed / missed to apply in due date._NEWLINE_2003_NEWLINE_Issue of Mark Certificate with in-built security features._NEWLINE_2003_NEWLINE_Eligibility for applying the special supplementary examination conducted in June / July is extended up to three failed subjects._NEWLINE_2003_NEWLINE_System of issuing Photocopy of Answer scripts and Revaluation of Answer scripts is extended for Botany and Zoology subjects in Higher Secondary Examination (6 subjects)._NEWLINE_2003_NEWLINE_Affixing School seal at the back side of the Certificate._NEWLINE_2005_NEWLINE_Abolition of Improvement Examination system in Higher Secondary Examination._NEWLINE_2007_NEWLINE_Revision of minimum pass marks for theory and practical examinations in Higher Secondary Examination (Theory-30/150 ; Practical – 40/50)._NEWLINE_2007_NEWLINE_System of issuing Photocopy of Answer scripts and Revaluation of Answer scripts is extended for Computer science subject in Higher Secondary Examination (7 subjects)._NEWLINE_2008_NEWLINE_Scheme of allotting 10 minutes to read the question papers during 10th & 12th Public examination was implemented._NEWLINE_2009_NEWLINE_System of issuing Photocopy of answer scripts and Revaluation of answer scripts was extended for all subjects in Higher Secondary Examinations._NEWLINE_2012_NEWLINE_Issue of mark certificate with the candidate’s photo and Barcode was implemented._NEWLINE_2013_NEWLINE_Online registration of Private candidates’ applications and online registration of applications seeking Retotalling / Revaluation / Photocopy of answer scripts was introduced._NEWLINE_2013_NEWLINE_Examination fee exemption for Blind candidates was extended to Private candidates also._NEWLINE_2013_NEWLINE_Pages in Main Answer booklet for Higher Secondary Examination is increased from 16 to 40 pages and for SSLC is increased from 8 to 32 pages._NEWLINE_2013_NEWLINE_A new scheme which involves attaching Top sheets along with the Main answer booklet containing all details of the candidate along with barcode is introduced._NEWLINE_2013_NEWLINE_Online hosting of scan copies of Answer scripts of Higher Secondary Examination was introduced instead of issue of Photocopies of Answer scripts._NEWLINE_2014_NEWLINE_Educational District wise Government Examinations Service Centres (Nodal Centres) for online registration of private candidates’ application was set up._NEWLINE_2015_NEWLINE_New scheme of issuing provisional Mark Certificates (Temporary mark sheets) was introduced._NEWLINE_2016_NEWLINE_Permanent Register Number was given to all pupil candidates who appeared for 10th / 12th Public examinations for the first time.  Also Permanent Register Number was given to all Direct Private candidates (HP Type) who appear for the examination for the first time.  This Permanent Register Number will be useful to the candidates for writing the examinations under compartmental system in future._NEWLINE_2016_NEWLINE_System of issuing of Consolidated Mark Certificate for candidates who have first appeared and failed to pass in all the subjects was introduced from March / April 2016 Higher Secondary / SSLC Examination 2016 onwards._NEWLINE_2017_NEWLINE_Cancellation of ranking system for SSLC and Hsc. introduction of public exam for 11th grade. Change of marks weightage of 1200 by dividing into two, one for 11th and another 12th so that 11th grade is for 600 and 12th for 600. changes in marksheet by adding both 11th and 12th. marks reduction of exam hours from three and half to 2 and half hours.
The word Diwata has been used since during the pre-hispanic times, when Hinduism and Buddhism had been practice in the lowland areas on the archipelago. the term Diwata was derived form Sanskrit word Devata (Devanagari: देवता). in Khmer it was called Tevoda (ទេវតា); in the  Javanese, Balinese, Sundanese, Malay and Indonesian: dewata; Batak languages: debata (Toba), dibata (Karo), naibata (Simalungun)) is a smaller, more focused deva. The term "devata" can also mean deva (pl: devatas, meaning the gods). There are male and female devatas. There are many kinds of devatas: vanadevatas (forest spirits, perhaps descendants of early nature-spirit cults), village gods, devatas of river crossings, caves, mountains, and so on. In Hinduism, the devatas that guard the eight, nine and ten cardinal points are called Lokapala (Guardians of the Directions) or, more specifically in ancient Java tradition, Dewata Nawa Sanga (Guardians of Nine Directions). Every human activity has its devata, its spiritual counterpart or aspect.
Document! X is a documentation generator which automates technical documentation production for C#/VB.NET/C++/CLI or other .NET language assemblies, Java Projects, databases, COM components, type libraries, XSD schemas and ASP.NET Ajax Javascript. Document! X consists of an authoring and documentation build environment (including HTML based Visual Authoring tools) as well as Visual Comment Editor Add-Ins for Visual Studio (2005, 2008, 2010 and 11).
The Defense Forces performed the so-called YH, Additional Exercise (Mobilisation) in Oct 1939 and Erik Lyly was called to rehearsal exercises to a Frontier Guard unit (4./Lapin Rajavartiosto). This time performing as a military driver for car, ambulance and a motorcycle. On November 30, 1939, however, he was assigned to the Detachment Pennanen (OsP) and its Machine Gun Group leader. MG groups were subjected to infantry companies and the struggle in a ruthless freezing cold with poorly organized logistics was a delusional delaying battle, reaching from the border to the Nautsijoki line, where the enemy finally was stopped and the war turned to a stale-mate until the 13.3.40 peace agreement.
FileVault was introduced with Mac OS X Panther (10.3), and could only be applied to a user's home directory, not the startup volume. The operating system uses an encrypted sparse disk image (a large single file) to present a volume for the home directory. Mac OS X Leopard and Mac OS X Snow Leopard use more modern sparse bundle disk images which spread the data over 8 MB files (called bands) within a bundle. Apple refers to this original iteration of FileVault as legacy FileVault._NEWLINE_Mac OS X Lion and newer offer FileVault 2, which is a significant redesign. This encrypts the entire OS X startup volume and typically includes the home directory, abandoning the disk image approach. For this approach to disk encryption, authorised users' information is loaded from a separate non-encrypted boot volume (partition/slice type Apple_Boot).
A flooding algorithm is an algorithm for distributing material to every part of a graph. The name derives from the concept of inundation by a flood._NEWLINE_Flooding algorithms are used in computer networking and graphics. Flooding algorithms are also useful for solving many mathematical problems, including maze problems and many problems in graph theory.
In 1996, Heylighen founded the "Global Brain Group", an international discussion forum that groups most of the scientists who have worked on the concept of emergent Internet intelligence. Together with his PhD student Johan Bollen, Heylighen was the first to propose algorithms that could turn the world-wide web into a self-organizing, learning network that exhibits collective intelligence, i.e. a Global brain._NEWLINE_In the 2007 article "The Global Superorganism: an evolutionary-cybernetic model of the emerging network society" Heylighen gave a detailed exposition of the superorganism/global brain view of society, and an examination of the underlying evolutionary mechanisms, with applications to the ongoing and future developments in a globalizing world. Presently, he is developing a detailed mathematical and simulation model of the global brain, together with his collaborators in the Global Brain Institute.
Observe that the problem FSAT introduced above can be solved using only polynomially many calls to a subroutine which decides the SAT problem: An algorithm can first ask whether the formula  is satisfiable. After that the algorithm can fix variable  to TRUE and ask again. If the resulting formula is still satisfiable the algorithm keeps  fixed to TRUE and continues to fix , otherwise it decides that  has to be FALSE and continues. Thus, FSAT is solvable in polynomial time using an oracle deciding SAT. In general, a problem in NP is called self-reducible if its function variant can be solved in polynomial time using an oracle deciding the original problem. Every NP-complete problem is self-reducible. It is conjectured that the integer factorization problem is not self-reducible.
The gaohu is similar in construction to the erhu but has a slightly smaller soundbox, commonly circular, and is tuned a fourth higher, to G4 and D5. Whereas most huqin are placed on top of the left thigh, the traditional gaohu is played with the soundbox held in between the knees. It has a brighter and lighter tone as compared to the erhu. It has two strings and its soundbox is covered on the front (playing) end with snakeskin (from a python). Since the soundbox is so small, the overall sound of the "gaohu" is quiet_NEWLINE_Although originally a regional instrument used only in Cantonese music, the gaohu (in different forms and played placed on the leg, as the erhu) is used in the modern large Chinese orchestra, as part of the string family, along with the erhu, zhonghu, banhu, cello, and double bass.
Geodat was a commercial project, begun in 1980 and completed by 1991, that provided digital geographic mapping data for commercial users at scales equal to or greater than 1:1,000,000. The term "Geodat" was derived from "GEOgraphic DATa".  Geodat data was primarily "medium scale", a nominal 1:100,000, but ranged from 1:50,000 to 1:250,000.  The cartographic data was vector-based digitisation of coastline, hydrography, internal and international political boundaries, primary transportation routes and city locations.  The data was intended to be used on its own to produce quick, cheap, consistent maps, initially for oil exploration firms. Harry Wassall, the founder of Petroconsultants SA, a Geneva-based energy information services firm, began the project in 1979 by hiring a researcher from the Harvard Laboratory for Computer Graphics and Spatial Analysis, Michael Mainelli, to explore how to automate Petroconsultants' extensive paper map series.  Mainelli became Project Director in 1981.  Petroconsultants concluded that a cooperative project among the oil firms acknowledged the high degree of overlap in their computer mapping interests._NEWLINE_Petroconsultants SA assessed client interest at a meeting in Geneva on 20–21 August 1981 with attendees from Amoco, BP, Cities Service, Deminex, Elf Acquitaine, Exxon, Gulf and Shell.  The need for computerised mapping data was high and the response positive enough to form an advisory committee with paid sponsorship.  The sponsors commissioned Petroconsultants to produce four sample digitised maps of the Ivory Coast.  The Ivorian pilot project resulted in four 1:200,000 maps with 800 features and 40,000 data points. The pilot established Common Geographic Format (CGF) records, for a time the industry standard for computer cartographic information exchange.  These digitised map files, and their attendant file structures, feature codes, segment records, map records, annotation records and set records were reviewed at a meeting in Dublin on 10–11 November 1981 with participation from Amoco, BP, Chevron, Cities Service, Elf Acquitaine, Exxon, Gulf, Phillips Petroleum and Shell.  Geodat was formally launched in Houston on 9–10 February 1982 with attendees from Amoco, BP, Chevron, Elf Acquitaine, Exxon, Getty, Gulf, Texas Easter and Union Texas.  Four primary sponsors were Shell, BP, Elf Acquitaine and Chevron, while ten other firms were partial sponsors.  Full sponsors received a guarantee of six million digitised points (approximately 360 maps) digitised to a specified quality level._NEWLINE_First data delivery was in June 1983, consisting of 57 maps and 1.24 million points.  By the end of 1985, Geodat had delivered twenty million data points and 750 map sheets in the 1:50,000 to 1:250,000 scale range.  Alongside mainstream production for the project sponsors, the Geodat project produced a complete digital map of the world at a scale of 1:1,000,000, MundoCart, in 1985.  MundoCart was based on digitisation of paper prints of the United States Defense Mapping Agency's (DMA) Operational Navigation Chart (ONC) 1:1,000,000 scale paper map series, produced by the USA, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. ONC charts were designed to meet the needs of pilots and air crews in medium-and low-altitude navigation and to support military operational planning, intelligence briefings, and other needs.  Some 270 1:1million maps, plus six 1:2million maps for Antarctica, resulted in 30 million data points.  MundoCart provided numerous commercial and academic Geographic information system (GIS) users with their first complete vector map of the world. The data was sold, along with a complete set of FORTRAN mapping software, by Petroconsultants (CES), a UK subsidiary of Petroconsultants SA, subsequently sold to IHS in 1996, that sponsored the project._NEWLINE_Prior to Geodat, the only complete digital map of the world was World Data Bank 2 (WDB-II), a dataset digitized between 1972 and 1977 by the US Department of State's (DoS) Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).  WDBII was of variable scale, nominally 1:3,000,000 but digitised from sources ranging from 1:1,000,000 to 1:4,000,000, and of variable quality.  WDB-II was released at nominal cost from 1977, but users desired higher resolution and more consistent quality.  Until the release of the US Department of Defense's Digital Chart of the World in 1992, and subsequent free issue from 2006, MundoCart was the primary global GIS database for commercial users.  _NEWLINE_Geodat was unusual in the 1980s in that the software was often given away free, while data downloads or tapes were charged.  Geodat set out a quality management process for digitisation covering acquisition, cataloguing, map stability, transformation algorithms, merging and node coalescing.  Geodat also set out a quality standard for comparing digitised maps with source maps, based on using generalisation and interpolation against a maximum orthogonal offset distance.  Originally delivered as five large tapes, MundoCart was burned on CD-ROM in 1987.   MundoCart was one of the first CD-ROM applications not brought out by the creators, Philips and Sony.  In the early releases of MundoCart, a CD-ROM reader accompanied each purchase._NEWLINE_Production was based from late 1982 to 1991 in Burleigh House, Newmarket Road in Cambridge, England.  Coincidentally, Burleigh House had been the former Star Brewery headquarters and the cellars provided good storage facilities for paper maps.  At its height, the project employed 30 people, principally programmers and digitisers.  Processing was based on hand digitisation using DEC PDP-11 minicomputers alongside digitisation tables.  Further processing was done on DEC VAX computers.  The computer programs were almost entirely written in FORTRAN, though some PL/1 and assembler programming was used.  At the time, scanning systems were not suitable for large-scale production, but the project did help design, build and use a laser line-following digitiser, combining a laser photovoltaic feedback system with stepper motors, mounted on a cowboy boot sewing machine chassis from the USA.  The effect of the laser line-following digitiser was that the operator felt as if he or she was directing the laser along a "groove" that followed the line being acquired._NEWLINE_The Geodat project drew heavily on the experience of the Harvard Laboratory for Computer Graphics and Spatial Analysis, founded in 1963 and disbanded in 1991.  Unable to purchase the Laboratory's software while Harvard University was exploring licensing options, Geodat developed its own software.  The Laboratory and Geodat both employed "flat" computer files and streamed processing, instead of hierarchical and direct access processing.  Wherever possible, the software operated in FORTRAN processing sequential files to enhance portability among operating systems.  Geodat also emulated other Laboratory ideas, most notably the idea of "cycling", using software to resolve disconnected vectors.
gnuplot can produce output directly on screen, or in many formats of graphics files, including Portable Network Graphics (PNG), Encapsulated PostScript (EPS), Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG), JPEG and many others. It is also capable of producing LaTeX code that can be included directly in LaTeX documents, making use of LaTeX's fonts and powerful formula notation abilities. The program can be used both interactively and in batch mode using scripts._NEWLINE_The gnuplot core code is programmed in C. Modular subsystems for output via Qt, wxWidgets, and LaTeX/TikZ/ConTeXt are written in C++ and Lua._NEWLINE_The code below creates the graph to the right._NEWLINE_set title "Some Math Functions"set xrange [-10:10]set yrange [-2:2]set zeroaxisplot (x/4)**2, sin(x), 1/x_NEWLINE_The name of this program was originally chosen to avoid conflicts with a program called "newplot", and was originally a compromise between "llamaplot" and "nplot".
gnuplot can be used from various programming languages to graph data, including Perl (via PDL and other CPAN packages), Python (via gnuplotlib, Gnuplot-py and SageMath), Julia (via Gaston.jl), Java (via JavaGnuplotHybrid and jgnuplot), Ruby (via Ruby Gnuplot), Ch (via Ch Gnuplot), Haskell (via Haskell gnuplot), Fortran 95, and Smalltalk (Squeak and GNU Smalltalk)._NEWLINE_gnuplot also supports piping, which is typical of scripts. For script-driven graphics, gnuplot is by far the most popular program.
Google plans to combine its Deep Mind AI to optimize the production of energy from its wind farms. Wind power will always suffer from unpredictability. That limits its adoption when compared to other energy sources that can reliable deliver power at a set time. To help solve this problem, last year DeepMind started building algorithms to boost the efficacy of Google’s wind farms in the US, it said in a blog post. It trained a neural network on weather forecasts and past turbine data, so it could predict power output 36 hours ahead. Based on this, the model recommends how to allocate power to the grid a full day in advance. This boosted the “value” of Google’s wind farms by about 20%, it claims, though it hasn’t specified what form that value takes, or how it’s measured. While it’s only been built and tested out internally so far, it’s not hard to imagine Google hoping to sell this technology to wind farm operators.
Although the Chronicle of Mann portrays Óláfr's reign as one of tranquillity, a more accurate evaluation of his reign may be that he adeptly managed to navigate an uncertain political climate. By the mid part of the twelfth century, however, the ageing king's realm may well have begun to buckle under the strain, as perhaps evidenced by the depredations wrought on the Scottish mainland by Óláfr's leading ecclesiast, Wimund, Bishop of the Isles. Confirmation of Óláfr's concern over the royal succession may well be preserved by the Chronicle of Mann, which states that Guðrøðr journeyed to the court of Ingi Haraldsson, King of Norway in 1152, where Guðrøðr rendered homage to the Norwegian king, and seemingly secured recognition of the royal inheritance of the Isles. According to Robert's Chronica, the kings of the Isles owed the kings of Norway a tribute of ten gold marks upon the accession of a new Norwegian king. This statement could indicate that Guðrøðr rendered Ingi such a payment upon his visit to the Norwegian court in 1152._NEWLINE_The following year marked a watershed in the history for the Kingdom of the Isles. For not only did David die late in May, but Óláfr himself was assassinated about a month later, on 29 June, whilst Guðrøðr was still absent in Norway. According to the chronicle, Óláfr had been confronted by three Dublin-based nephews—the Haraldssonar—the sons of his exiled brother, Haraldr. After hearing the demands of these men—that half of the kingdom should be handed over to them—a formal council was convened in which one of the Haraldssonar slew Óláfr himself. In the resulting aftermath, the chronicle relates that the Haraldssonar partitioned the island amongst themselves. Once in control, the chronicle reveals that the men fortified themselves against forces loyal to Guðrøðr, the kingdom's legitimate heir, by launching a preemptive strike against his maternal grandfather, Fergus. Although the invasion of Galloway was repulsed with heavy casualties, once the Haraldssonar returned to Mann the chronicle records that they slaughtered and expelled all resident Gallovidians that they could find. This ruthless reaction evidently reveals an attempt to uproot local factions adhering to Guðrøðr and his mother. Within months of his father's assassination, Guðrøðr executed his vengeance. According to the chronicle, he journeyed from Norway to Orkney, enstrengthened by Norwegian military support, and was unanimously acclaimed as king by the leading Islesmen. He is then stated to have continued on to Mann where he overcame his three kin-slaying cousins, putting one to death whilst blinding the other two, and successfully secured the kingship for himself. Whether Guðrøðr succeeded to the throne in 1153 or 1154 is uncertain. The chronicle itself states that he overcame the Haraldssonar in the autumn following their coup._NEWLINE_Guðrøðr's reliance upon Norwegian assistance, instead of support from his maternal-grandfather, could suggest that the attack upon Galloway was more successful than the compiler of the chronicle cared to admit. Additionally, the account of incessant inter-dynastic strife amongst the ruling family of Galloway, as recorded by the twelfth-century Vita Ailredi, suggests that Fergus may have struggled to maintain control of his lordship by the mid 1150s, and may also explain his failure to come to Guðrøðr's aid following Óláfr's death. Óláfr and Guðrøðr's turn to Ingi occurred at about the same time that Norwegian encroachment superseded roughly thirty years of Scottish influence in Orkney and Caithness, and could be evidence of a perceived wane in Scottish royal authority in the first years of the 1150s. In November 1153, following the death of David, Somairle seized the initiative and rose in revolt against the recently inaugurated Malcolm IV, King of Scotland. The dynastic-challenges faced by Malcolm, and the ebb of Scottish influence in the Isles, may partly account for Guðrøðr's success in consolidating control of the kingdom, and may be perceptible in the seemingly more aggressive policy he pursued as king in comparison to his father.
GEM uses the delta-f particle-in-cell (PIC) plasma simulation method. An expansion about an adiabatic response is made for electrons to overcome the limit of small time step, which is caused by the fast motion of electrons.  GEM uses a novel electromagnetic algorithm allowing direct numerical simulation of the electromagnetic problem at high plasma pressures.  GEM uses a two-dimensional domain decomposition (see domain decomposition method) of the grid and particles to obtain good performance on massively parallel computers.  A Monte Carlo method is used to model small angle Coulomb collisions.
At Google he managed teams responsible for advancing Google's visual search technologies and was the engineering manager for Google Goggles. The concept of adversarial patterns originated in his group when he tasked Christian Szegedy with a project to modify the pixel inputs of a deep neural network to lower the activity of select output nodes. The motivation was to use this technique for object localization which did not work out. But the idea gave rise to the fields of adversarial learning and DeepDream art. In 2013 his optical character recognition team won the ICDAR Robust Reading Competition by a wide margin and in 2014 the object recognition team won the ImageNet challenge.
In 2006 Neven started to explore the application of quantum computing to hard combinatorial problems arising in machine learning. In collaboration with D-Wave Systems he developed the first image recognition system based on quantum algorithms. It was demonstrated at SuperComputing07.  At NIPS 2009 his team demonstrated the first binary classifier trained on a quantum processor._NEWLINE_In 2013 together with Pete Worden at NASA Ames he founded the Quantum Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. In 2014 he invited John Martinis and his group at UC Santa Barbara to join the lab to start a fabrication facility for superconducting quantum processors. The Quantum Artificial Intelligence team performed the first experimental demonstration of a scalable simulation of a molecule. In 2016 the team formulated an experiment to demonstrate quantum supremacy. Based on the observation that quantum computers are gaining computational power at a doubly exponential rate, Neven suggested that quantum supremacy could occur in 2019.
The United States Army's Delta Force, at the request of R&D NCO Larry Vickers, collaborated with the German arms maker Heckler & Koch to develop the new carbine in the early 1990s. During development, Heckler & Koch capitalized on experience gained developing the Bundeswehr's Heckler & Koch G36 assault rifle, the U.S. Army's XM8 rifle project (cancelled in 2005) and the modernization of the British Armed Forces SA80 small arms family. The project was originally called the Heckler & Koch M4, but this was changed in response to a trademark infringement suit filed by Colt Defense._NEWLINE_Delta Force replaced its M4s with the HK416 in 2004, after tests revealed that the piston operating system significantly reduces malfunctions while increasing the life of parts. The HK416 has been tested by the United States military and is in use with some law enforcement agencies. It has been adopted as the standard rifle of the Norwegian Armed Forces (2008) and the French Armed Forces (2017) and is used by many special operations units worldwide._NEWLINE_A modified variant underwent testing by the United States Marine Corps as the M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle. After the Marine Corps Operational Test & Evaluation Activity supervised a round of testing at MCAGCC Twentynine Palms, Fort McCoy, and Camp Shelby (for dust, cold-weather, and hot-weather conditions, respectively). As of March 2012, fielding of 452 IARs has been completed of 4,748 ordered. Five infantry battalions: 1st Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion and 2nd Battalion, 4th Marines, out of Camp Pendleton, Calif.; First Battalion, 3rd Marines, out of Marine Corps Base Hawaii; 1st Battalion, 9th Marines, out of Camp Lejeune, N.C.; and 1st Battalion, 25th Marines, out of Fort Devens, Mass. have deployed the weapon. In December 2017, the Marine Corps revealed a decision to equip every Marine in an infantry squad with the M27.
The cost of the San Francisco-to-Anaheim route was originally estimated in 2008 at $33 billion (in 2006 dollars; would be about $65 billion in year-of-expenditure (YOE) dollars). Upon further investigation, however, the Authority determined that a route using exclusive trackage along its entire length would be extremely expensive (estimated at over $96 billion (YOE)), so they saw a need to share track in the metropolitan areas of the San Francisco Peninsula and the LA Basin. Thus, their perspective changed from a stand-alone High Speed Rail (HSR) system to one where HSR would share commuter rails (a "blended" system) to both save money and improve all passenger rail needs. (Note that the 2012 Revised Business Plan listed a new estimate for a Full Build option for a cumulative cost of $91.4 billion (YOE) and completion date of 2033.)_NEWLINE_The Revised 2012 Business Plan listed new estimates (in cumulative year-of-expenditure costs) for the new blended system: Initial Operating System in 2021 for a total of $31.3 billion, Bay to Basin in 2026 for a total of $51.2 billion, and Phase 1 Blended in 2028 for a total of $68.4 billion.
The original DRS was the DRS 20 produced in Utica, New York and launched in September 1981. This ran the proprietary DRX (Distributed Resource Executive) operating system. The basic 'intelligent terminal' (model 10/110/210) used 8-bit 8085 processors (workstation, application and network processors), each with between 32 KB and 128 KB of memory. The Model 210 also had an 80188 application processor with 512 KB to run CP/M. The larger models 20 and 40 had floppy disk drives. The floor-standing models 50, 150, and 250 had hard disks, from which diskless models booted. In early models, these were 8" floppy disks, and later 5¼" disks._NEWLINE_The diskless model, that partnered the DRS 20, was the DRS 10. It had 10 KB available for applications programs developed in CIS COBOL._NEWLINE_Up to 16 DRS 20/DRS 10 machines could be connected via LAN with the addresses being set by DIP switches on the rear of the unit. The LAN was formed via 93 Ohm coaxial cable in a bus formation running at 1.25 Mbps._NEWLINE_The final model 310 (styled like a DRS 300 module) had a second 80186 application processor with 1 MB RAM to run Concurrent DOS, emulating an IBM PC with a Hercules screen display.
Languages on DRS 20 under DRX included Microsoft BASIC, Micro Focus CIS-COBOL, Pascal, 8085 Assembler, _NEWLINE_and application building packages including Userbuild and the Demon suite._NEWLINE_Languages on DRS 300 Concurrent DOS included Lattice C, CBASIC, Micro Focus Level II COBOL and_NEWLINE_Digital Research languages including FORTRAN and Pascal._NEWLINE_Development software on the Unix-based DRS ranges (300 to 6000) included C, Micro Focus and RM COBOL, EPC C++, FORTRAN and Pascal, and relational databases including Ingres, Informix, Oracle, Sybase and Progress 4GL supplied by Progress Software._NEWLINE_During this period, ICL's software strategy was increasingly to make available on its own hardware popular software packages developed by third parties. Almost invariably this involved porting the source code, as there was insufficient compatibility between machines at the binary level. In order to reduce the cost of this activity, and the commercial disadvantage of not having as large a software portfolio as rival vendors, ICL invested strenuous efforts to improve cross-industry compatibility through initiatives such as X/Open.
The inductive bias (also known as learning bias) of a learning algorithm is the set of assumptions that the learner uses to predict outputs given inputs that it has not encountered._NEWLINE_In machine learning, one aims to construct algorithms that are able to learn to predict a certain target output. To achieve this, the learning algorithm is presented some training examples that demonstrate the intended relation of input and output values. Then the learner is supposed to approximate the correct output, even for examples that have not been shown during training.  Without any additional assumptions, this problem cannot be solved exactly since unseen situations might have an arbitrary output value. The kind of necessary assumptions about the nature of the target function are subsumed in the phrase inductive bias._NEWLINE_A classical example of an inductive bias is Occam's razor, assuming that the simplest consistent hypothesis about the target function is actually the best. Here consistent means that the hypothesis of the learner yields correct outputs for all of the examples that have been given to the algorithm._NEWLINE_Approaches to a more formal definition of inductive bias are based on mathematical logic. Here, the inductive bias is a logical formula that, together with the training data, logically entails the hypothesis generated by the learner. However, this strict formalism fails in many practical cases, where the inductive bias can only be given as a rough description (e.g. in the case of artificial neural networks), or not at all.
Puri's vision for McMaster Engineering has been to invest in excellence by recruiting and retaining the best talent, marshaling resources to help the faculty, staff and students fulfill their capabilities, recognizing outstanding contributions and innovations, and efficient governance and administration. _NEWLINE_Motivated by the need to “prepare students to be flexible in a rapidly changing world and to meet challenges not yet imagined”, in 2019 he announced the most significant transformation in the sixty year history of engineering education at McMaster University through The Pivot, where design thinking, an innovation mindset and entrepreneurship are embedded in all programming. The three pillars of The Pivot are (1) changing the curriculum by seamless, project-based learning experiences, (2) reimagining the classroom by creating purpose-built studio spaces that replace lecture halls, and (3) amplifying experiential learning by offering more extracurricular and research opportunities to students._NEWLINE_His leadership facilitated the first McMaster MOOC, which was launched through Coursera. In partnership with the Faculty of Health Sciences, Dr. Puri initiated the McMaster University's – and first of its kind in Canada – Integrated Biomedical Engineering and Health Sciences Program (IBEHS) that integrates engineering and health sciences, allowing multiple career pathways for graduates in health, engineering and entrepreneurship._NEWLINE_The 2017 ShanghaiRanking's Global Ranking of Academic Subjects ranked the Faculty's civil engineering program 29th in the world, and metallurgical engineering, computer science and engineering, and transportation science and technology programs within the top 75 around the globe._NEWLINE_Prior to his appointment as dean and professor at McMaster, he served as N. Waldo Harrison Professor and Head of the Department of Engineering Science and Mechanics (ESM) at Virginia Tech.  He led the ESM program for nine years from 2004 through 2013._NEWLINE_He was a postdoctoral researcher and then an Assistant Research Engineer at the University of California, San Diego from 1987-90. In January, 1990, he was appointed as a Visiting Assistant Professor in the Mechanical Engineering Department at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC).  This was converted to a tenure-track appointment as assistant professor in August, 1991. He was thereafter promoted to the rank of associate professor with tenure in 1994, and to the rank of Professor in 1999._NEWLINE_He continued to serve at UIC as Director of Graduate Studies of the Mechanical and Industrial Engineering programs from 1994–97, and also 1999-2000; as Associate Dean for Research and Graduate Studies from 2000–01, and finally as Executive Associate Dean of Engineering (2001–04). At UIC, he also served on the steering committee of the UIC Institute for Environmental Studies, and helped facilitate several of UIC's micro- and nanotechnology initiatives._NEWLINE_In 2004, Puri moved to Virginia Tech to assume the position of professor and department head of engineering science and mechanics.  He helped move that program into new convergences at the intersections of the life and physical sciences, and engineering mechanics, and promoted transformative scholarship, particularly through several new faculty hires in novel and interdisciplinary areas of applied mechanics. These efforts helped the department to be ranked fifth in the United States in the undergraduate engineering physics/engineering science category by U.S. News & World Report in 2012._NEWLINE_As department head, he played a leading role at Virginia Tech in the reoccupation of Norris Hall, where his department was housed, after the tragic shootings initiated by a mentally disturbed student.
The Java Foundation Classes (JFC) are a graphical framework for building portable Java-based graphical user interfaces (GUIs). JFC consists of the Abstract Window Toolkit (AWT), Swing and Java 2D. Together, they provide a consistent user interface for Java programs, regardless of whether the underlying user interface system is Windows, macOS or Linux.
AWT existed before JFC. AWT was heavily criticized for being little more than a wrapper around the native graphical capabilities of the host platform. That meant that the standard widgets in the AWT relied on those capabilities of the native widgets, requiring the developer to also be aware of the differences between host platforms._NEWLINE_An alternative graphics library called the Internet Foundation Classes was developed in more platform-independent code by Netscape. _NEWLINE_At the same time, another graphics library, called Application Foundation Classes (AFC), was developed independently by Microsoft. It was made to be easier to extend the graphic components, but was primarily aimed for use with the Microsoft Java Virtual Machine._NEWLINE_On April 2, 1997, Sun Microsystems and Netscape announced their intention to combine IFC with other technologies to form the "Java Foundation Classes". The "Java Foundation Classes" were later renamed "Swing", adding the capability for a pluggable look and feel of the widgets.  This allowed Swing programs to maintain a platform-independent code base, but mimic the look of a native application. The release of JFC made IFC obsolete, and dropped interest for Microsoft's AFC._NEWLINE_Using the Java programming language, Java Foundation Classes (JFC) are pre-written code in the form of class libraries (coded routines) that give the programmer a comprehensive set of graphical user interface (GUI) routines to use. The Java Foundation Classes are comparable to the Microsoft Foundation Class (MFC) library. JFC is an extension of the original Java Abstract Windowing Toolkit (AWT). Using JFC and Swing, an additional set of program components, a programmer can write programs that are independent of the windowing system within a particular operating system.
Piddock made his theatrical debut in the US in The Boy's Own Story, a one-man show about a football (soccer) goalkeeper, at the Julian Theatre in San Francisco. The show won Piddock the Bay Area Critics' Best Actor Award. The show was then produced Off-Broadway. That same year (1982), he was cast in Noël Coward's Present Laughter, and other Broadway and Off-Broadway shows followed, including the original US production of Noises Off, The Knack at the Roundabout Theatre, Make and Break, and Design For Living. He won a Drama Desk award for his performance in "Noises Off"._NEWLINE_"I spent the first few years of my career pretty much doing nothing but stage work. I started in rep companies in England then did a one-man show in the US which led very quickly to doing several Broadway shows. I got very lucky early on. They were fun shows to do. I was in the first ever production of Noises Off in America and my first ever job in New York was being directed by and appearing with George C. Scott", Piddock said. In the 1980s, Piddock moved to Los Angeles where he pursued work in television._NEWLINE_In November 2007, he was seen onstage at the Ricardo Montalbán Theatre in Hollywood, starring in a production of What About Dick? alongside an all British expat cast, including Billy Connolly, Tim Curry, Eric Idle, Eddie Izzard, Jane Leeves, Emily Mortimer and Tracey Ullman. When the play officially premiered in 2012, he was again in the cast. He also appeared in 2009 at the Montalban Theatre and on Broadway in An Evening Without Monty Python.
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Malleswaram is located on the 18th cross, adjacent to Malleswaram bus terminus. In 1966, the school was established at the temporary accommodation at CET cell. In 1972, the first batch of class X appeared for the board exams. In 1980, first batch of class XII appeared for the board exams. In 2010, the commerce stream in class XI was started._NEWLINE_Committed to total quality education, KV Malleswaram with the strength of about 1800 students and 60 dedicated staff and with all infrastructural facilities, the Vidyalaya has three sections from class I to XII, offering physics, chemistry, biology/computer science, maths/Hindi/Sanskrit in one section (science stream)and in one section(commerce stream) offering accountancy, business studies, economics as subjects in senior secondary section. The school under Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan aims for excellence in the field of secondary and senior secondary education promoting national integration and a sense of "Indianness" among the children while ensuring their total personality development and academic excellence._NEWLINE_The vidyalaya works in 2 shifts. The 1st shift begins at 7:00am-12:25pm with 3 sections per class and the 2nd shift begins at 12:30pm-6:00pm with 2 sections per class. _NEWLINE_KV Malleswaram is one of the few chosen Kendriya Vidyalayas to have upgraded to "E-Classroom" and e-Learning teaching process with the implementation of Smart Boards in the classroom. The vidyalaya has set up "Atal Tinkering Laboratory" under the “Atal Innovation Mission” by the NITI ayog  government of India. The objective of this scheme is to foster curiosity, creativity and imagination in young minds; and inculcate skills such as design mindset, computational thinking, adaptive learning, physical computing etc._NEWLINE_The Vidyalaya encourages students to take part in various competitions which are conducted at school as well in regional and national levels. _NEWLINE_For CCA activities and house contests,the students are placed into four houses : KALIDAS (Green), VYAS (Yellow), MATANG( Red), BANABHAT (Blue). The names of the houses are of famous(in Sanskrit literature) Indian poet/ authors._NEWLINE_The Vidyalaya produces an annual class magazines and a school magazine.
Rees started her career after graduating from New York University with a B.A. in Computer science in 1993.  She worked as a programmer at Interfilm from 1994 to 1996; then moved on to R/GA until late 1997.  For the next seven years, she worked independently as a programmer and strategist, working primarily in languages such as c++ and Java.  She worked for clients such as Chipotle Mexican Grill and Warner Bros. She worked as an advisor to the US Congressional Budget Office._NEWLINE_Rees was one of the first practitioners of data visualization. She has spoken at major conferences, including the eyeo festival and Strata. She served as a judge for the data visualization competitions WikiViz Challenge 2011 and CommArts Interactive Annual 2012._NEWLINE_Rees is known for her work with Periscopic, her data visualization company that aims to "do good with data." In particular, the visualization US Gun Deaths received a lot of media mentions. As an expert in data and visualization, Rees is often called on to comment about current events. She argues that "Data is a language... a means to convey an opinion, an argument." and uses that philosophy to inform how she works with data and imagery._NEWLINE_She was a guest on the Data Stories podcast, hosted by Enrico Bertini and Moritz Stefaner.
Kriesi was heavily involved in Flash Action Script programming while still a CIS student at the Vienna University of Technology in the early 2000s. In 2004, Kriesi started to become disillusioned with the monotony of the long daily hours of writing repetitive code, which he realized was an unsatisfactory outlet for his creativity. Kriesi left the university, and enrolled at SAE Institute studying front end web development techniques using HTML, CSS and later PHP and JavaScript. After graduation, Kriesi began working for a small digital agency where he became experienced with all aspects of the website development life-cycle._NEWLINE_In a 2011 interview, Kriesi credits this experience with giving him a competitive advantage over his colleagues who may be experts in one or more narrow facets of programming or design, yet have little understanding or experience in other equally important areas of the development lifecycle. Kriesi explained in multiple interviews that the aphorism "jack of all trades" best describes his philosophy that separates him from others, who he concedes might be more talented as programmers or have a sharper eye for design, yet lack the broad experience required to become a success in the current digital market as an independent designer.
Lallu Lal's most notable translation is Prem Sagar (1804–1810), the earliest prose in Khari Boli dialect of Hindi. Along with Kazim Ali Javan, he translated Singhasan Battisi and Shakuntala into Hindustani. Along with Mazhar Ali Vila, he also translated Baital Pachisi and Madhunal (1805) into Hindustani._NEWLINE_Lallu Lal's original work included The Grammar of Brij-bhasa (1811), in Urdu script. He also authored Lala Chandrika, a commentary on Bihari's Satasai._NEWLINE_In addition, he compiled Lataif-i-Hindi or The New Cyclopedia Hindoostanica of Wit (1810) in Urdu and Devanagari scripts. It is a collection of around 100 witty stories and anecdotes.
Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus (1894 - April 21, 1951) was a Java-born, Dutch nationality lepidopterist. He mainly worked in Indonesia then known as the Dutch East Indies and specialised in the families Lycaenidae and Hesperiidae. Wikispecies provides a list of key works online here He died in Bandung, Java.
Recent clinical advances in mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) have seen standard‐of‐care treatment algorithms transformed. Frontline rituximab combination therapy, high dose cytarabine‐based induction in younger patients and, more recently, Bruton Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) inhibitors in the relapse setting have all demonstrated survival advantage in clinical trials (Wang et al, 2013; Eskelund et al, 2016; Rule et al, 2016). Over the last 15 years these practices have gradually become embedded in clinical practice and real‐world data has observed corresponding improvements in patient survival (Abrahamsson et al, 2014; Leux et al, 2014). _NEWLINE_The overall 5-year survival rate for MCL is generally 50% (advanced stage MCL) to 70% (for limited-stage MCL)._NEWLINE_Prognosis for individuals with MCL is problematic and indexes do not work as well due to patients presenting with advanced stage disease. Staging is used but is not very informative, since the malignant B-cells can travel freely though the lymphatic system and therefore most patients are at stage III or IV at diagnosis. Prognosis is not strongly affected by staging in MCL and the concept of metastasis does not really apply._NEWLINE_The Mantle Cell Lymphoma International Prognostic Index (MIPI) was derived from a data set of 455 advanced stage MCL patients treated in series of clinical trials in Germany/Europe. Of the evaluable population, approximately 18% were treated with high-dose therapy and stem cell transplantation in first remission. The MIPI is able to classify patients into three risk groups: low risk (median survival not reached after median 32 months follow-up and 5-year OS rate of 60%), intermediate risk (median survival 51 months) and high risk (median survival 29 months). In addition to the 4 independent prognostic factors included in the model, the cell proliferation index (Ki-67) was also shown to have additional prognostic relevance. When the Ki67 is available, a biologic MIPI can be calculated._NEWLINE_MCL is one of the few NHLs that can cross the boundary into the brain, yet it can be treated in that event._NEWLINE_There are a number of prognostic indicators that have been studied. There is not universal agreement on their importance or usefulness in prognosis._NEWLINE_Ki-67 is an indicator of how fast cells mature and is expressed in a range from about 10% to 90%. The lower the percentage, the lower the speed of maturity, and the more indolent the disease. Katzenberger et al. Blood 2006;107:3407 graphs survival versus time for subsets of patients with varying Ki-67 indices. He shows median survival times of about one year for 61-90% Ki-67 and nearly 4 years for 5-20% Ki-67 index._NEWLINE_MCL cell types can aid in prognosis in a subjective way. Blastic is a larger cell type. Diffuse is spread through the node. Nodular are small groups of collected cells spread through the node. Diffuse and nodular are similar in behavior. Blastic is faster growing and it is harder to get long remissions. Some thought is that given a long time, some non-blastic MCL transforms to blastic. Although survival of most blastic patients is shorter, some data shows that 25% of blastic MCL patients survive to 5 years. That is longer than diffuse type and almost as long as nodular (almost 7 yrs)._NEWLINE_Beta-2 microglobulin is another risk factor in MCL used primarily for transplant patients. Values less than 3 have yielded 95% overall survival to 6 yrs for auto SCT where over 3 yields a median of 44 most overall survival for auto SCT (Khouri 03). This is not yet fully validated._NEWLINE_Testing for high levels of LDH in NHL patients is useful because LDH is released when body tissues break down for any reason. While it cannot be used as a sole means of diagnosing NHL, it is a surrogate for tracking tumor burden in those diagnosed by other means. The normal range is approximately 100-190.
During his first post-doctoral position at Stanford University (1949–1950), he derived the Rosenbluth formula, which was the basis of the analysis used by Robert Hofstadter in his Nobel prize-winning experimental investigation of electron scattering.  Hofstadter refers to this in his 1961 Nobel Lecture: "This behavior can be understood in terms of the theoretical scattering law developed by M. Rosenbluth in 1950".  In 1953, Rosenbluth derived the Metropolis algorithm; cited in Computing in Science and Engineering (Jan. 2000) as being among the top 10 algorithms having the "greatest influence on the development and practice of science and engineering in the 20th century."  However, by the late 1950s, Rosenbluth turned his attention to the burgeoning discipline of plasma physics and quickly laid the foundation for many avenues of research in the field, particularly the theory of plasma instabilities. Although he continued to work on plasma physics for the remainder of his career, he often made forays into other fields.  For example, around 1980, he and coworkers produced a detailed analysis of the free electron laser, indicating how its spectral intensity can be optimized.  He maintained a high productivity rate throughout his entire career.  Indeed, only a few years before his death, Rosenbluth discovered the existence of residual flows (so-called Rosenbluth-Hinton flows), a key result for understanding turbulence in tokamaks.
Matt Stephens (born 1971) is an author and software process expert based in London, UK. In January 2010 he founded independent book publisher Fingerpress UK Ltd, and in November 2014 he founded the Virtual Reality book discovery site Inkflash._NEWLINE_He is known for having spoken out against what he regards as popular (or populist) software development fashions, most notably Extreme Programming, Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) and the Ruby programming language. He has co-authored four books on software development: Design Driven Testing: Test Smarter, Not Harder, Use Case Driven Object Modeling with UML: Theory and Practice, Agile Development with ICONIX Process, and Extreme Programming Refactored: The Case Against XP. He is also a columnist for The Register, a UK-based IT news website where he writes a monthly "Agile Iconoclast" column on software design and programming, and has written for Dr Dobb's Journal, Software Development Magazine, Application Development Trends and other journals and websites._NEWLINE_Stephens' first book, Extreme Programming Refactored, has proved to be controversial as it satirizes the popular Extreme Programming (XP) agile methodology. The book triggered a lengthy debate in articles, internet newsgroups, and web-site chat areas. The core argument of the book is that XP is fragile rather than agile, as its practices are interdependent but that few practical organizations are willing/able to adopt all the practices; therefore the entire process fails. On the book's first page he points out that he is not "anti-agile", rather that the XP process is a fragile implementation of the values described in the Agile Manifesto._NEWLINE_In Use Case Driven Object Modeling with UML, Stephens outlines an extension to the ICONIX object modeling process which he and co-author Doug Rosenberg termed Design Driven Testing (DDT), a deliberate reversal of Test Driven Development (TDD), a core tenet of XP. DDT provides a method of creating unit tests and customer acceptance tests that are driven from the design and behavioral requirements (use cases). DDT and the ICONIX modeling process have been adopted in a variety of large-scale software projects e.g. the image processing software in the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope (LSST)._NEWLINE_In Design Driven Testing, Stephens compares DDT with TDD, and applies DDT on a real project run by ESRI Systems, to create a GIS mapping system for travel website VResorts.com.
The binary prefixes, including mebi, were defined by the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) in December 1998. All major standards bodies have endorsed the use of them for binary multiples._NEWLINE_The mebibyte is closely related to the megabyte. The latter term is often used as a synonym for mebibyte, but it formally refers to 1000 kilobytes, or 1,000,000 bytes. The binary prefix mebi, which is a factor of 2²⁰, was created to provide an unambiguous unit that is distinct from the metric SI prefix mega (M). Binary prefixes are becoming more predominant in scholarly literature, descriptions of computer hardware and open source software._NEWLINE_Many operating systems compute file size in mebibytes, but report the number as MB (megabytes). For example, all versions of the Microsoft Windows operating system show a file of 2²⁰ bytes as "1.00 MB" or "1,024 KB" in its file properties dialog and show a file of 10⁶ (1000000) bytes as 976 KB._NEWLINE_All versions of Apple's operating systems had the same behavior until 2009 with Mac OS X version 10.6, which instead uses megabytes for all file and disk sizes, so it reports a 10⁶ byte file as 1 MB._NEWLINE_The Ubuntu developer Canonical implemented an updated units policy in 2010 and as of Ubuntu 10.10 all versions use IEC binary prefixes for base-2 quantities and SI prefixes for base-10 quantities.
Mececyon trinilensis is endemic to the island of Java. It was part of the Pleistocene Trinil Fauna of Java. Other animals of this Faunal assemblage were Bos palaesondaicus, the Indian muntjak (Muntiacus muntjak), Bubalus palaeokerabau, the Dubois santeng and Stegodon trigonocephalus. Other predators of the Trinil Fauna were the Trinil tiger (Panthera tigris trinilensis) and the leopard cat (Prionailurus bengalensis)._NEWLINE_It has been estimated that Mececyon trinilensis hunted prey of 1 kg to 10 kg, preferably 5 kg in size. However this number could vary, because it is yet unknown if the Mececyon trinilensis hunted in packs, or if carrion left over by the Trinil tiger influenced its feeding habits.
The naïve algorithm for computing the medcouple is slow. It proceeds in two steps. First, it constructs the medcouple matrix  which contains all of the possible values of the medcouple kernel. In the second step, it finds the median of this matrix. Since there are  entries in the matrix in the case when all elements of the data set  are unique, the algorithmic complexity of the naïve algorithm is ._NEWLINE_More concretely, the naïve algorithm proceeds as follows. Recall that we are using zero-based indexing._NEWLINE_   function naïve_medcouple(vector X):_NEWLINE_       // X is a vector of size n._NEWLINE_       _NEWLINE_       //Sorting in decreasing order can be done in-place in O(n log n) time_NEWLINE_       sort_decreasing(X)_NEWLINE_       _NEWLINE_       xm := median(X)_NEWLINE_       xscale := 2*max(abs(X))_NEWLINE_       _NEWLINE_       // define the upper and lower centred and rescaled vectors_NEWLINE_       // they inherit X's own decreasing sorting_NEWLINE_       Zplus  := [(x - xm)/xscale | x in X such that x >= xm]_NEWLINE_       Zminus := [(x - xm)/xscale | x in X such that x <= xm]_NEWLINE_       _NEWLINE_       p := size(Zplus)_NEWLINE_       q := size(Zminus)_NEWLINE_       _NEWLINE_       // define the kernel function closing over Zplus and Zminus_NEWLINE_       function h(i,j):_NEWLINE_           a := Zplus[i]_NEWLINE_           b := Zminus[j]_NEWLINE_           _NEWLINE_           if a == b:_NEWLINE_               return signum(p - 1 - i - j)_NEWLINE_           else:_NEWLINE_               return (a + b)/(a - b)_NEWLINE_           endif_NEWLINE_       endfunction_NEWLINE_       _NEWLINE_       // O(n^2) operations necessary to form this vector_NEWLINE_       H := [h(i,j) | i in [0, 1, ..., p - 1] and j in [0, 1, ..., q - 1]]_NEWLINE_       _NEWLINE_       return median(H)_NEWLINE_   endfunction_NEWLINE_The final call to median on a vector of size  can be done itself in  operations, hence the entire naïve medcouple algorithm is of the same complexity.
The fast algorithm outperforms the naïve algorithm by exploiting the sorted nature of the medcouple matrix . Instead of computing all entries of the matrix, the fast algorithm uses the Kᵗʰ pair algorithm of Johnson & Mizoguchi._NEWLINE_The first stage of the fast algorithm proceeds as the naïve algorithm. We first compute the necessary ingredients for the kernel matrix, , with sorted rows and sorted columns in decreasing order. Rather than computing all values of , we instead exploit the monotonicity in rows and columns, via the following observations.
Moojen's original plan for Menteng resembles the garden city model of Ebenezer Howard. The plan combined wide cross-cutting boulevards with concentric rings of streets and a central public square. At the northern entrance to the Menteng residential area, he designed civic landmarks: the Art Center, the cultural center of early 20th-century Batavia._NEWLINE_Although planning for Menteng began in 1910, it was not until 1912 that Moojen's revised plan was officially unveiled. Key difference with the original garden city model was that Menteng was not intended to be a freestanding, self-contained place, but to link up with adjacent residential areas. For example, the broad Nassau Boulevard (now Jalan Imam Bonjol) that bisected the Menteng residential area adjacent to the central square (now Taman Suropati) was intended to connect Tanah Abang (an important market place) to the west and Meester Cornelis to the east. The Java Street (Javaweg, now Jalan HOS Cokroaminoto) was to serve as a north-south connector from Kebon Sirih to the southern fringe of Batavia, the boundary was marked at that time by the line of a flood canal._NEWLINE_Moojen's plan was later extensively modified by F.J. Kubatz as part of the city's next development plan. In the Kubatz plan, the street pattern was changed and a small pond (Situ Lembang) was added to the east of the central park area, originally named Bisschooplein after G.J. Bishop, mayor of Batavia (1916-1920). Other architects contributed to the character of Menteng Residential Area through landmarks. Architect Ghijsels designed Indies-styled houses, St. Paul's Church and the adjacent Logegebouw, which was the office of the burgemester, centrally positioned and facing the central park (now the Indonesian national development planning board (BAPPENAS)). Ghijsels's colleagues in the AIA, architect J.F.L. Blankenberg, designed some lavish residences in Menteng between 1926 and 1939 (after Ghijsels had returned to the Netherlands) e.g. the home of the owner of Wellenstein & Krausse Company (1926, now the residence of the US Ambassador to Indonesia), home of the Governor of Jakarta (1939), and several lavish residences for local businessmen along Jalan Imam Bonjol (one of which is now the National Proclamation Museum)._NEWLINE_During the 1932-1937 Great Depression, development of Menteng slowed down. During the period, houses in Menteng were built in two levels, partly to expand the building area without having to increase land plot. These two-floors buildings were partly inspired by similar houses designed by Moojen in Kramat V-VII in 1919. These houses in Menteng were located in van Heutszboulevard (Jalan Teuku Umar), van Breen weg (Jalan Latuharhari), Nassau Boulevard (Jalan Imam Bonjol) and Oranje Boulevard (Jalan Diponegoro). After the crisis, development was enacted again, such as the construction of St. Paul's Church._NEWLINE_Menteng Project provided commissions for growing architect and planning firms that had set up in Batavia, which included M.J. Hulswit, the very prominent A.A. Fermont and Eduard Cuypers, Biezeveld and Moojen, Bakker and Meyboom, AIA. Other firms active in Menteng Project were Semarang-based Karsten, Lutjens, Toussaint, and Henri Maclaine Pont; and Bandung-based C.P. Schoemaker and Associates.
Michael Tiemann is vice president of open source affairs at Red Hat, Inc., and former President of the Open Source Initiative. He was the chief technical officer of Red Hat. He  served on a number of boards, including the Embedded Linux Consortium, the GNOME Foundation advisory board, and the board of directors of ActiveState Tool Corp. He is also co-owner with Amy Tiemann of Manifold Recording Studios._NEWLINE_He co-founded Cygnus Solutions in 1989. His programming contributions to free software include authorship of the GNU C++ compiler and work on the GNU C compiler and the GNU Debugger. Tiemann is featured in the 2001 documentary Revolution OS. Opensource.com profiled him in 2014, calling him one of "open source's great explainers."_NEWLINE_He earned a bachelor's degree from the Moore School of  Electrical Engineering in 1986 at the University of Pennsylvania.
The show was originally recorded on a specially-made analogue high-definition video system called 'Image Vision', provided by Image Transform from Universal City, California which output a 655 lines, 24fps video signal. The show was edited on videotape and a 35mm negative was produced from the tape for the striking of theatrical prints._NEWLINE_In Europe, a 1.85:1 widescreen version was released on DVD in 2007. In North America, the film is available only as the older lesser-quality full-frame version, as part of a two-disc set titled Monty Python Live, which includes the 1998 retrospective Monty Python Live at Aspen and the first (German) episode of Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus. The movie was also released as part of The Complete Monty Python's Flying Circus 16-Ton Megaset and as part of Almost Everything Ever in One Gloriously Fabulous Ludicrously Definitive Outrageously Luxurious Monty Python Boxset.
On his return to Turkey, Pultar taught first at METU, at the Department of Architecture, during the pre-YÖK golden years of both the department and of METU in the 1960s and 1970s, and, along with his colleague (and under-classmate from Robert College) Mete Turan, introduced novelty to the teaching of architecture (in the instruction of structural systems) in Turkey._NEWLINE_During his years at METU he was appointed associate dean of the Faculty of Architecture and Vice-President of the university, and twice elected Dean of the said Faculty. Pultar's contributions during this period consist of, among others, the launching of the bilingual METU Journal of the Faculty of Architecture; the establishment of a doctoral program in the Department of Architecture at METU; the foundation in 1979 of the department of Industrial Design which has been conducting a joint master's program with Delft University since 2008; and of the department Building Science and Environmental Design; the foundation of the Society for Building Science and Environmental Design; and his initiating the publication of the Faculty's newsletter. Bülent Özgüç, today a professor of computer science, reminisces how he was initiated to the subject of computer-aided design in the early 1970s from his then young instructor Mustafa Pultar, who was at the time one of the rare experts of computer-aided design in Turkey.
BLAST is an algorithm used for calculating sequence similarity between biological sequences such as nucleotide sequences of DNA and amino acid sequences of proteins. BLAST is a powerful tool for finding sequences similar to the query sequence within the same organism or in different organisms. It searches the query sequence on NCBI databases and servers and post the results back to the person's browser in chosen format. Input sequences to the BLAST are mostly in FASTA or Genbank format while output could be delivered in variety of formats such as HTML, XML formatting and plain text. HTML is the default output format for NCBI's web-page. Results for NCBI-BLAST are presented in graphical format with all the hits found, a table with sequence identifiers for the hits having scoring related data, along with the alignments for the sequence of interest and the hits received with analogous BLAST scores for these
Unlike other extensions such as Connection Tracking, ipset is more related to iptables than it is to the core Netfilter code. ipset does not make use of Netfilter hooks for instance, but actually provides an iptables module to match and do minimal modifications (set/clear) to IP sets._NEWLINE_The user-space tool called ipset is used to set up, maintain and inspect so called "IP sets" in the Linux kernel. An IP set usually contains a set of IP addresses, but can also contain sets of other network numbers, depending on its "type". These sets are much more lookup-efficient than bare iptables rules, but of course may come with a greater memory footprint. Different storage algorithms (for the data structures in memory) are provided in ipset for the user to select an optimum solution._NEWLINE_Any entry in one set can be bound to another set, allowing for sophisticated matching operations. A set can only be removed (destroyed) if there are no iptables rules or other sets referring to it.
North Raleigh Christian Academy is an accredited, state-approved, college-preparatory school. The school’s accreditations include: SACS (Southern Association of Colleges and Schools), ACSI (Association of Christian Schools International), and CITA (Commission on International and Trans-Regional Accreditation). The school’s elementary students average 2–4 years above the national average on the Stanford 10, and middle school students score 3 to 4 years above the national average on the SAT 10. Senior classes have consistently averaged above 1150 on the SAT, and have been accepted to some of the top universities in the country. NRCA is also a member of the National Honor Society and the National Junior Honor Society._NEWLINE_The elementary grades use the A Beka curriculum, Shurley Grammar, A Reason for Science, ACSI Bible, ACSI Spelling, and additional supplements. Electives offered on the elementary level include: computers, Spanish, art, physical education, choral, band, and library. A system of academic field trips for elementary through 12th grade accents the classroom experience._NEWLINE_The middle and high school use a combination of A Beka, Bob Jones University Press, Prentice-Hall, Scott Foresman, and other texts. Middle and high school Bible curriculum is an assortment of Bob Jones University Press, A Beka, Summit Ministries, ACSI, and current authors such as James Dobson and Henry Blackaby. All 7th and 8th grade students are required to take Latin I and II. In addition to the three-track academic system of general, college-preparatory, and honors tracks for high school students, advanced placement classes for college credit are also offered. Current advanced placement classes include: biology, chemistry, physics, computer science, calculus, European history, American history, psychology, music theory, and English. Honors classes are available in college math, Spanish III, advanced math, economics, choir, band, dance, and English.  Computer and science labs also help prepare students academically. The school also offers dual-enrollment opportunities through The College at Southeastern, the undergraduate school of Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary in Wake Forest, NC.
The Numerical Algorithms Group (NAG)  is a software and services company which provides methods for the solution of mathematical and statistical problems, and offers services to users of High performance computing (HPC) systems.  Its products and services are employed by tens of thousands of users from Global 500 companies, universities, supercomputing sites and numerous independent software vendors.  As a not-for-profit organization, NAG reinvests its surpluses into the research and development of its products and services, and the fostering of new numerical and scientific talent. NAG serves its customers from offices in Oxford, Manchester, Chicago, and Tokyo, through staff in France and Germany, and via a global network of distributors.
NAG was founded by Brian Ford, Joan E. Walsh, and others in 1970 as the Nottingham Algorithms Group, a collaborative venture between the universities of Birmingham, Leeds, Manchester, Nottingham and Oxford, and the Atlas Computer Laboratory (now part of the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory). The original aim of the project was the development of a library of numerical and statistical subroutines for the ICL 1906A and 1906S machines which were in use at each of these sites. Code and algorithms for the library were contributed to the project by experts in the project, and elsewhere (for example, some of the linear algebra code was written by Jim Wilkinson, who was an early supporter of the NAG project)._NEWLINE_The project attracted the attention of universities with other types of computers and the second release of the library was implemented on new platforms. The project moved from Nottingham to Oxford University in 1973, when its name was changed to The Numerical Algorithms Group. NAG Ltd was founded as a not-for-profit company in 1976, with Joan E. Walsh as chair, and celebrated the fortieth anniversary of the NAG project in 2010.
The NAG Fortran Compiler is available on all major Unix platforms as well as Microsoft Windows.  Based on the world's first Fortran 90 compiler (which was developed by NAG), it currently includes support for the full Fortran 95 language, as well as many Fortran 2003 features.
Operation Bernhard was an exercise by Nazi Germany to forge British bank notes. The initial plan was to drop the notes over Britain to bring about a collapse of the British economy during the Second World War. The first phase was run from early 1940 by the Sicherheitsdienst (SD) under the title Unternehmen Andreas (Operation Andreas, Operation Andrew). The unit successfully duplicated the rag paper used by the British, produced near-identical engraving blocks and deduced the algorithm used to create the alpha-numeric serial code on each note. The unit closed in early 1942 after its head, Alfred Naujocks, fell out of favour with his superior officer, Reinhard Heydrich._NEWLINE_The operation was revived later in the year; the aim was changed to forging money to finance German intelligence operations. Instead of a specialist unit within the SD, prisoners from Nazi concentration camps were selected and sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp to work under SS Major Bernhard Krüger. The unit produced British notes until mid-1945; estimates vary of the number and value of notes printed, from £132.6 million up to £300 million. By the time the unit ceased production, they had perfected the artwork for US dollars, although the paper and serial numbers were still being analysed. The counterfeit money was laundered in exchange for money and other assets. Counterfeit notes from the operation were used to pay the Turkish agent Elyesa Bazna—code named Cicero—for his work in obtaining British secrets from the British ambassador in Ankara, and £100,000 from Operation Bernhard was used to obtain information that helped to free the Italian leader Benito Mussolini in the Gran Sasso raid in September 1943._NEWLINE_In early 1945 the unit was moved to Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp in Austria, then to the Redl-Zipf series of tunnels and finally to Ebensee concentration camp. Because of an overly precise interpretation of a German order, the prisoners were not executed on their arrival; they were liberated shortly afterwards by the American Army. Much of the output of the unit was dumped into the Toplitz and Grundlsee lakes at the end of the war, but enough went into general circulation that the Bank of England stopped releasing new notes and issued a new design after the war. The operation has been dramatised in a comedy-drama miniseries Private Schulz by the BBC and in a 2007 film, The Counterfeiters (Die Fälscher).
In July 1942, following changes in the aim of the plan, Reichsführer Heinrich Himmler revived the operation. Whereas the original plan was to bring about the collapse of the British economy through dropping the notes over the UK, Himmler's new intention was to use the counterfeit money to finance German intelligence operations. The security services under Himmler's control were poorly funded, and the counterfeit funds were used to cover the financial shortfalls in revenue from the Reichsbank._NEWLINE_SS Major Bernhard Krüger replaced Naujocks; searching through the offices used daily by Operation Andreas, he found the copper engraving plates and the machinery, although some of the wire gauzes used to make the watermarks were bent. He was ordered to use the Jewish prisoners incarcerated in the Nazi concentration camps, and set up his unit in blocks 18 and 19 at Sachsenhausen. The blocks were isolated from the rest of the camp by additional barbed wire fences, and a SS-Totenkopfverbände unit was assigned as guards._NEWLINE_Krüger visited several other concentration camps to assemble the people he needed, primarily selecting those with skills in draftsmanship, engraving, printing and banking. In September 1942 the first 26 prisoners for Operation Bernhard arrived at Sachsenhausen; 80 more arrived in December. When met by Krüger, he called them in the formal and polite form Sie, rather than the more demeaning du, which was normally used when the Nazis spoke to a Jew. Several of the prisoners selected later reported that Krüger had interviewed them for the role, and treated them with politeness and good manners. He also provided the prisoners with cigarettes, newspapers, extra rations and a radio. Prisoners had a ping pong table, and they would play with the guards and among themselves; evenings of amateur theatricals also took place, staged by the prisoners, with a mixed audience of guards and counterfeiters; Krüger provided musicians for musical numbers._NEWLINE_The printing equipment was also delivered in December, and 12,000 sheets of banknote paper a month began to arrive from Hahnemühle; it was large enough for four notes to be printed on each sheet. Production of counterfeit notes started in January 1943; it took a year for production to return to the levels achieved in Operation Andreas._NEWLINE_Each section of the process was overseen by one of the prisoners, and the day-to-day operations were run by Oscar Stein, a former office manager and bookkeeper. Two twelve-hour shifts ensured non-stop production, with around 140 prisoners working. The printed sheets, each containing four notes, were dried and cropped using a steel ruler; the edges were roughened to imitate the deckle finish of the British notes. The operation peaked between mid-1943 and mid-1944, with approximately 65,000 notes a month produced from six flat-bed printing presses._NEWLINE_To age the notes, between 40 and 50 prisoners stood in two columns and passed the notes among them to accumulate dirt, sweat and general wear and tear. Some of the prisoners would fold and refold the notes, others would pin the corners to replicate how a bank clerk would collect bundles of notes. British names and addresses were written on the reverse, as happened with some English notes, and numbers were written on the front – duplicating how a bank teller would mark the value of a bundle. Four grades of note quality were introduced: grade 1 was the highest quality, to be used in neutral countries and by Nazi spies; grade 2 was to be used to pay collaborators; grade 3 was for notes that were to be possibly dropped over Britain; grade 4 were too flawed to be of use and were destroyed._NEWLINE_The Nazi authorities were so pleased with the results of the operation that twelve prisoners, three of whom were Jewish, were awarded the War Merit Medal while six of the guards received the War Merit Cross, 2nd class._NEWLINE_In May 1944 Ernst Kaltenbrunner, an SS Obergruppenführer (general) in the Reichssicherheitshauptamt (Reich Main Security Office; RSHA), ordered that the counterfeiting unit begin to produce forged US dollars. The artwork on the notes was more complex than that of the British currency and caused problems for the forgers. Additional challenges they faced included the paper, which contained minute silk threads, and the intaglio printing process, which added small ridges to the paper._NEWLINE_The prisoners realised that if they managed to fully counterfeit the dollars, their lives would no longer be safeguarded by the work they were undertaking, so they slowed their progress as much as they could. The journalist Lawrence Malkin, who wrote a history of Operation Bernhard, writes that prisoners considered this to have the tacit approval of Krüger, who would face front-line duty if Operation Bernhard ended. In August 1944 Salomon Smolianoff, a convicted forger, was added to the production team at Sachsenhausen to aid the counterfeiting of US dollars, although he also assisted in quality control for the pound notes. The Jewish prisoners working on the operation at the time complained to Krüger at having to work with a criminal, so he was given his own room to sleep in._NEWLINE_In late 1944 the prisoners had counterfeited the reverse of the dollar, and the obverse by January 1945. Twenty samples of the $100 note were produced—without the serial number, whose algorithm was still being examined—and shown to Himmler and banking experts. The standard of engraving and printing was considered excellent, although the paper used was technically inferior to the genuine notes.
P-384 is the elliptic curve currently specified in NSA Suite B Cryptography for the ECDSA and ECDH algorithms. It is a 384 bit curve with characteristic approximately . In binary, this mod is given by 111...1100...0011...11. That is, 288 1s followed by 64 0s followed by 32 1s. The curve is given by the equation  where  is given by a certain 384 bit number.
The department has Research training and Consultancy works, training and consultancy services in the following areas:_NEWLINE_Computer Programming (C, C++, VB, Java), Oracle, Linux, Windows Advance Server, Computer repair and Maintenance, Computer Networking, Radio and TV maintenance, Electronics Project Design, Micro-Controller interfacing._NEWLINE_The Center of Information Technology(CIT) has 20/20 Mbit/s of dedicated wire (optical fibre backbone) and wireless facilities to hostels and administration. CIT not only provides internet facilities but also conducts training on engineering packages of information technology. It has more than 50 terminals connected to broadband Internet via wireless.
The most common percolation model is to take a regular lattice, like a square lattice, and make it into a random network by randomly "occupying" sites (vertices) or bonds (edges) with a statistically independent probability p. At a critical threshold pc, large clusters and long-range connectivity first appears, and this is called the percolation threshold. Depending on the method for obtaining the random network, one distinguishes between the site percolation threshold and the bond percolation threshold. More general systems have several probabilities p₁, p₂, etc., and the transition is characterized by a critical surface or manifold. One can also consider continuum systems, such as overlapping disks and spheres placed randomly, or the negative space (Swiss-cheese models)._NEWLINE_In the systems described so far, it has been assumed that the occupation of a site or bond is completely random—this is the so-called Bernoulli percolation. For a continuum system, random occupancy corresponds to the points being placed by a Poisson process. Further variations involve correlated percolation, such as percolation clusters related to Ising and Potts models of ferromagnets, in which the bonds are put down by the Fortuin-Kasteleyn method. In bootstrap or k-sat percolation, sites and/or bonds are first occupied and then successively culled from a system if a site does not have at least k neighbors. Another important model of percolation, in a different universality class altogether, is directed percolation, where connectivity along a bond depends upon the direction of the flow._NEWLINE_Over the last several decades, a tremendous amount of work has gone into finding exact and approximate values of the percolation thresholds for a variety of these systems. Exact thresholds are only known for certain two-dimensional lattices that can be broken up into a self-dual array, such that under a triangle-triangle transformation, the system remains the same. Studies using numerical methods have led to numerous improvements in algorithms and several theoretical discoveries._NEWLINE_Simply duality in two dimensions implies that all fully triangulated lattices (e.g., the triangular, union jack, cross dual, martini dual and asanoha or 3-12 dual, and the Delaunay triangulation) all have site thresholds of 1/2, and self-dual lattices (square, martini-B) have bond thresholds of 1/2._NEWLINE_The notation such as (4,8²) comes from Grünbaum and Shephard, and indicates that around a given vertex, going in the clockwise direction, one encounters first a square and then two octagons. Besides the eleven Archimedean lattices composed of regular polygons with every site equivalent, many other more complicated lattices with sites of different classes have been studied._NEWLINE_Error bars in the last digit or digits are shown by numbers in parentheses. Thus, 0.729724(3) signifies 0.729724 ± 0.000003, and 0.74042195(80) signifies 0.74042195 ± 0.00000080. The error bars variously represent one or two standard deviations in net error (including statistical and expected systematic error), or an empirical confidence interval.
The 7.5 hectare campus includes two main buildings, the Science and Humanities Building (SHB), and the Advanced Science and Technology Building (ASTB). As of school year 2016–2017, a constructed extension of the SHB (SHBEx) has been available to the use of the students and faculty. Majority of the classes are held and majority of the faculty units, namely the Biology, Chemistry, Integrated Science, Math, and Humanities Units, have their offices in the Science and Humanities Building. The Curriculum Instructions and Services Division (CISD) Office, Student Services Division (SSD) Office, Office of the Registrar, Office of the Director, and the school library are all located on the 2nd floor of the same building._NEWLINE_The Computer Science Unit, Art Design Technology Unit, Physics Unit and the Management Information System (MIS) are located in the Advanced Science and Technology Building. Classes in Computer Science I-IV, Technology Preparation, Biology II, and Physics III-IV are usually held in this building. Sophomore, junior, and senior electives such as Advanced Chemistry, Life Science, Problem-Based Physics, and Embedded Systems are likewise held in this building._NEWLINE_The campus also includes four dormitories: three for boys and one for girls. The boys' and girls' dormitories are subdivided in turn by class (one for first- and second-year students, one for third- and fourth-year students)._NEWLINE_Recreational facilities on campus include a multipurpose gymnasium, supplying bowling lanes, pingpong tables, a dance room, basketball court and an Olympic-sized swimming pool. Outside the gym a football field, concessionaires, track oval, and volleyball, tennis, and another basketball court may also be found_NEWLINE_.
Students may join a variety of co-curricular organizations, such as AKSIS (Social Sciences Club), Concern and Action for the Rehabilitation of the Environment (CARE), Physics Youth Honours Society (PYHS), Mathematics Club, Astronomical Society (ASTROSOC), Invictus (Debate Club), SARS+ (Society for the Advancement of Research in Science and Technology) and the Atom Family (Chemistry Club)._NEWLINE_Likewise, extra-curricular associations are present in PSHS. These include the Science Scholar and Lagablab (English and Filipino student publications, respectively); theater groups such as Sightlines and Kamalayan, and dance groups such as SAGALA (Sayaw Galaw); the Himig Agham choral club; and the Samahan ng Manunugtog sa Pisay (SAMAPI), which annually holds concerts during the School Fair; Bravura, the classical music club; Balamesa, the board games club; Computron the computer science club under which is Likha, the digital media interest group; Pisay.XYZ, the maker club; Exposure, the photography club; Alianti, the Ultimate frisbee club, Labuyo, the boys’ soccer club; LAAB, the girls’ soccer club; Flux, the swim club; Silakbo, the girls' basketball club; Pallastro, the boys' basketball club; Kislap, the volleyball club; Alyabo, the arnis club; and Volant, the badminton club.
As one might expect, QKP has a wide range of applications including telecommunication, transportation network, computer science and economics. In fact, Witzgall first discussed QKP when selecting sites for satellite stations in order to maximize the global traffic with respect to a budget constraint. Similar model applies to problems like considering the location of airports, railway stations, or freight handling terminals. Applications of QKP in the field of computer science is more common after the early days: compiler design problem, clique problem, very large scale integration (VLSI) design. Additionally, pricing problems appear to be an application of QKP as described by Johnson et al.
In general, the decision version of the knapsack problem (Can a value of at least V be achieved under a restriction of a certain capacity W?) is NP-complete. Thus, a given solution can be verified to in polynomial time while no algorithm can identify a solution efficiently._NEWLINE_The optimization knapsack problem is NP-hard and there is no known algorithm that can solve the problem in polynomial time._NEWLINE_As a particular variation of the knapsack problem, the 0-1 quadratic knapsack problem is also NP-hard._NEWLINE_While no available efficient algorithm exists in the literature, there is a pseudo-polynomial time based on dynamic programming and other heuristic algorithms that can always generate “good” solutions.
While the knapsack problem is one of the most commonly solved operation research (OR) problems, there are limited efficient algorithms that can solve 0-1 quadratic knapsack problems. Available algorithms include but are not limited to brute force, linearization, and convex reformulation. Just like other NP-hard problems, it is usually enough to find a workable solution even if it is not necessarily optimal. Heuristic algorithms based on greedy algorithm, dynamic programming can give a relatively “good” solution to the 0-1 QKP efficiently.
The brute force algorithm to solve this problem is to identify all possible subsets of the items without exceeding the capacity and select the one with the optimal value. The pseudo-code is provided as follows:_NEWLINE_ 1 // Input: 2 // Profits (stored in array p) 3 // Quadratic profits (stored in matrix P) 4 // Weights (stored in array w) 5 // Number of items (n) 6 // Knapsack capacity (W) 7  8 int max =0 9 for all subset S do10 int value, weight = 011  for i from 0 to S.size-1 do:12 value = value +p[i]13 weight = weight +w[i]14 for j from i+1 to S.size-1 do: _NEWLINE_15 value = value + P[i][j]16 if weight <= W then:17 if value > max then:_NEWLINE_18 max = value_NEWLINE_Given n items, there will be at most  subsets and for each legal candidate set, the running time of computing the values earned is . Thus, the efficiency class of brute force algorithm is , being exponential.
George Dantzig proposed a greedy approximation algorithm to unbounded knapsack problem which can also be used to solve the 0-1 QKP. The algorithm consists of two phrases: identify an initial solution and improve it._NEWLINE_First compute for each item, the total objective contribution realizable by selecting it, , and sort the items in decreasing order of the potential value per unit of weight, . Then select the items with the maximal value-weight ratio into the knapsack until there is no space for more, which forms the initial solution. _NEWLINE_Starting with the initial solution, the improvement is conducted by pairwise exchange. For each item in the solution set, identify the items not in the set where swapping results in an improving objective. Select the pair with maximal improvement and swap. There are also possibilities that removing one from the set or adding one to the set will produce the greatest contribution. Repeat until there is no improving swapping. _NEWLINE_The complexity class of this algorithm is  since for the worst case every possible combination of items will be identified.
Quadknap is an exact branch-and-bound algorithm raised by Caprara et al., where upper bounds are computed by considering a Lagrangian relaxation which approximate a difficult problem by a simpler problem and penalizes violations of constraints using Lagrange multiplier to impost a cost on violations. Quadknap releases the integer requirement when computing the upper bounds. Suboptimal Lagrangian multipliers are derived from sub-gradient optimization and provide a convenient reformulation of the problem. This algorithm is quite efficient since Lagrangian multipliers are stable, and suitable data structures are adopted to compute a tight upper bound in linear expected time in the number of variables. This algorithm was reported to generate exact solutions of instances with up to 400 binary variables, i.e., significantly larger than those solvable by other approaches. The code was written in C and is available online.
Researchers have studied 0-1 quadratic knapsack problems for decades. One focus is to find effective algorithms or effective heuristics, especially those with an outstanding performance solving real world problems. The relationship between the decision version and the optimization version of the 0-1 QKP should not be ignored when working with either one. On one hand, if the decision problem can be solved in polynomial time, then one can find the optimal solution by applying this algorithm iteratively. On the other hand, if there exists an algorithm that can solve the optimization problem efficiently, then it can be utilized in solving the decision problem by comparing the input with the optimal value._NEWLINE_Another theme in literature is to identify what are the "hard" problems. Researchers who study the 0-1 QKP often perform computational studies to show the superiority of their strategies. Such studies can also be conducted to assess the performance of different solution methods. For the 0-1 QKP, those computational studies often rely on randomly generated data, introduced by Gallo et al. Essentially every computational study of the 0-1 QKP utilizes data that is randomly generated as follows. The weights are integers taken from a uniform distribution over the interval [1, 50], and the capacity constraints is an integer taken from a uniform distribution between 50 and the sum of item weights. The objective coefficients, i.e. the values are randomly chosen from [1,100]. It has been observed that generating instances of this form yields problems with highly variable and unpredictable difficulty. Therefore, the computational studies presented in the literature may be unsound. Thus some researches aim to develop a methodology to generate instances of the 0-1 QKP with a predictable and consistent level of difficulty.
In contrast to the MIT custom of referring to buildings by their numbers rather than their official names, the complex is usually referred to as "Stata" or "the Stata Center" (though the building number is still essential in identifying rooms at MIT). Above the fourth floor, the building splits into two distinct structures: the Gates Tower and the Dreyfoos Tower, often called "G Tower" and "D Tower" respectively._NEWLINE_The building has a number of small auditoriums and classrooms used by the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science department (EECS, Course 6), as well as other departments and on-campus groups.  Research labs and offices of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL), the Laboratory for Information and Decision Systems (LIDS), as well as the Department of Linguistics and Philosophy (Course 24) occupy the upper floors. Academic celebrities such as Noam Chomsky, Ron Rivest, and World Wide Web Consortium founder Tim Berners-Lee also have offices in the building._NEWLINE_A wide main passage running the length of the building on the ground floor is called the Charles M. Vest Student Street, in honor of the former MIT president who died in December 2013. The Student Street is often used as a more-spacious substitute or extension for the Memorial Lobby located in Building 10 on the Infinite Corridor.  The monthly "Choose to Re-use" community recycling swap fest, and a weekly fresh produce market are other events regularly held in the Stata Center. One of five MIT Technology Childcare Centers (TCC) is located at the western end of the ground floor.  The Forbes Family Cafe is located at the eastern end, and serves coffee and lunch to the public during office hours._NEWLINE_The MIT Museum maintains some historic displays on the ground floor of the Stata Center. A few selected larger relics of past hacks (student pranks) are now on semi-permanent display, including a "fire hose" drinking fountain, a giant slide rule, and full-size replicas of a cow and a police car which had been placed atop the Great Dome (though not at the same time). In the ground floor elevator lobby of the Dreyfoos Tower are located a large time capsule box plus informational panels describing MIT's historic Building 20, which the Stata Center has replaced._NEWLINE_Major funding for the Stata Center was provided by Ray Stata (MIT class of 1957) and Maria Stata. Other major funders included Bill Gates, Alexander W. Dreyfoos, Jr. (MIT class of 1954), Charles Thomas "E.B." Pritchard Hintze (an MIT graduate, and of JD Edwards, now Oracle Corporation), Morris Chang of TSMC. and Michael Dertouzos.
Boston Globe architecture columnist Robert Campbell wrote a glowing appraisal of the building on April 25, 2004. According to Campbell, "the Stata is always going to look unfinished. It also looks as if it's about to collapse. Columns tilt at scary angles. Walls teeter, swerve, and collide in random curves and angles. Materials change wherever you look: brick, mirror-surface steel, brushed aluminum, brightly colored paint, corrugated metal, Colored Titanium  Everything looks improvised, as if thrown up at the last moment. That's the point. The Stata's appearance is a metaphor for the freedom, daring, and creativity of the research that's supposed to occur inside it." Campbell stated that the cost overruns and delays in completion of the Stata Center are of no more importance than similar problems associated with the building of St. Paul's Cathedral. The 2005 Kaplan/Newsweek guide  How to Get into College, which lists twenty-five universities its editors consider notable in some respect, recognizes MIT as having the "hottest architecture", placing most of its emphasis on the Stata Center._NEWLINE_Though there are many who praise this building, and in fact from the perspective of Gehry's other work it is considered by some as one of his best, there are certainly many who are less enamored of the structure. Mathematician and architectural theorist Nikos Salingaros has harshly criticized the Stata Center:_NEWLINE_An architecture that reverses structural algorithms so as to create disorder—the same algorithms that in an infinitely more detailed application generate living form—ceases to be architecture. Deconstructivist buildings are the most visible symbols of actual deconstruction. The randomness they embody is the antithesis of nature's organized complexity. This is despite effusive praise in the press for "exciting" new academic buildings, such as the Peter B. Lewis Management Building at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, the Vontz Center for Molecular Studies at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, and the Stata Center for Computer, Information, and Intelligence Sciences at MIT, all by Frank Gehry. Housing a scientific department at a university inside the symbol of its nemesis must be the ultimate irony._NEWLINE_Former Boston University president John Silber said the building "really is a disaster". Architecture critic Robert Campbell praised Gehry for "break[ing] up the monotony of a street of concrete buildings" and being "a building like no other building".  The style of the building has been likened to German Expressionism of the 1920s.
Around 1996, a group of free and open-source software developers started a project called FreeWin95 to implement a clone of Windows 95. The project stalled in discussions of the design of the system._NEWLINE_While FreeWin95 had started out with high expectations, there still had not been any builds released to the public by the end of 1997. As a result, the project members, led by coordinator Jason Filby, joined together to revive the project. The revived project sought to duplicate the functionality of Windows NT. In creating the new project, a new name, ReactOS, was chosen. The project began development in February 1998 by creating the basis for a new NT kernel and basic drivers. The name ReactOS was coined during an IRC chat. While the term "OS" stood for operating system, the term "react" referred to the group's dissatisfaction with — and reaction to — Microsoft's monopolistic position._NEWLINE_In 2002 the ReactOS Foundation was established in Moscow with Maxim Osowski and Aleksey Bragin as executive officers and Vladimir Bragin, Saveliy Tretiakov and Alexey Ivanov in board of directors. In 2015, the foundation was liquidated.
In order to avoid copyright prosecution, ReactOS had to be expressly completely distinct and non-derivative from Windows, a goal that needed very careful work. A claim was made on 17 January 2006, by now former developer Hartmut Birr on the ReactOS developers mailing list (ros-dev) that ReactOS contained code derived from disassembling Microsoft Windows. The code that Birr disputed involved the function BadStack in syscall.S, as well as other unspecified items. Comparing this function to disassembled binaries from Windows XP, Birr argued that the BadStack function was simply copy-pasted from Windows XP, given that they were identical. Alex Ionescu, the author of the code, asserted that while the Windows XP binary in question was indeed disassembled and studied, the code was not merely copy-pasted, but reimplemented; the reason why the functions were identical, Ionescu claimed, was because there was only one possible way to implement the function._NEWLINE_On 27 January 2006, the developers responsible for maintaining the ReactOS code repository disabled access after a meeting was held to discuss the allegations. When approached by NewsForge, Microsoft declined to comment on the incident. Since ReactOS is a free and open-source software development project, the claim triggered a negative reaction by the free software community; in particular, Wine barred several inactive developers from providing contributions and formal high level cooperation between the two projects remained difficult as of 2006. Contributions from several active ReactOS developers have been accepted post-audit, and low level cooperation for bug fixes has been still occurring._NEWLINE_In a statement on its Web site, ReactOS cited differing legal definitions of what constitutes clean-room reverse engineering as a cause for the conflict. Some countries, including the United States, require that a reimplementation based on disassembled code must be written by someone other than the person having disassembled and examined the original code, whereas other countries allow both tasks to be performed by the same individual. Consequently, ReactOS clarified that its Intellectual Property Policy Statement requirements on clean room reverse engineering conform to United States law. An internal source code audit was conducted to ensure that only clean room reverse engineering was used, and all developers were made to sign an agreement committing them to comply with the project's policies on reverse engineering. Contributors to its development were not affected by these events, and all access to the software development tools was restored shortly afterward. In September 2007, with the audit nearing completion, the audit status was removed from the ReactOS homepage. Though the audit was completed, specific details were not made public, as it was only an internal effort to ensure compliance with the project's own policies._NEWLINE_Much of the assembly code that was allegedly copied has also been replaced as a natural progression in ReactOS development, by the developers having reimplemented the functionality in C for portability reasons._NEWLINE_Also, the 2004 leaked Windows source code was not seen as legal risk for ReactOS, as the trade secret was considered indefensible in court due to broad spread.
ReactOS is primarily written in C, with some elements, such as ReactOS Explorer and the sound stack, written in C++. The project compiles using both MinGW and Microsoft Visual Studio, and contributes to the development of the build systems used through the submission of patches to its components._NEWLINE_The developers aim to make the kernel and usermode application programming interface (API) more compatible with Windows NT version 5.2 (Windows Server 2003) and to add support for more applications and hardware, with plans to target newer versions of Windows as development matures. DirectX support is undertaken through ReactX, an in-house implementation. 2D hardware-accelerated rendering is done natively, while other drawing functionality is redirected to OpenGL as a stopgap solution._NEWLINE_The development progress is influenced by the size of the development team and the level of experience among them. As an estimate of the effort required to implement Windows 7, Microsoft employed 1,000 or so developers, organized into 25 teams, with each team averaging 40 developers. As of 2 September 2011, in the ReactOS entry in Ohloh, the page followed through the "Very large, active development team" link lists 33 developers who have contributed over a 12-month period and a cumulative total of 104 present and former users who have contributed code to the project via Apache Subversion since its inception. In his presentation at Hackmeeting 2009 in Milan, ReactOS developer Michele C. noted that most of the developers learn about Windows architecture while working on ReactOS and have no prior knowledge._NEWLINE_While ReactOS targets currently mainly the x86/AMD64 PC platform, an effort to port to the ARM architecture was at one point "under way", while it did not produce much functionality and was abandoned. Support for the Xbox, a variant IA-32 architecture, was added through the use of an architecture-specific HAL, although this, along with a port to PowerPC, are no longer actively maintained. It is worth noting that improved 64-bit support for ReactOS is "being worked on", however, development seems to be going slowly.
Various people have acknowledged ReactOS and the implications of having a viable open-source drop-in replacement for Windows. A 2004 article and interview of the German weekly magazine Der Spiegel describes ReactOS as directed at Windows users who want to renounce use of proprietary commercial software without having to switch to Linux. DistroWatch, a Linux distribution's monitoring Web site, also lists ReactOS and describes it as "a free and open-source operating system based on the best design principles found in the Windows NT architecture."_NEWLINE_In his column for Free Software Magazine, David Sugar noted in 2006 that ReactOS would allow the use of applications depending on older versions of Windows whose APIs have been deprecated. He also recognized its potential to expand the total deployed base of free software, and as a resource for developers wanting to know undocumented Windows APIs in the course of writing portable applications. PC Magazine columnist John C. Dvorak remarked in 2008 that the Windows NT architecture had remained largely unchanged, making it an ideal candidate for cloning, and believed that ReactOS could be "a bigger threat than Linux to Microsoft's dominance". In response to Dvorak's column, ZDNet technology journalist Dana Blankenhorn noted in 2008 that a lack of corporate sponsors and partners had rendered the project harmless to Microsoft. Echoing this, Thom Holwerda of OSNews in 2009 categorized ReactOS under a family of hobby operating systems maintained only by small groups of developers working in their spare time, lacking the financial support of more mainstream operating systems and the legacy of formerly mainstream ones such as RISC OS._NEWLINE_In October 2015, a Network World review of ReactOS v0.3.17 noted "It's just like running Windows 2000" and praised the application package manager, a feature the original Windows is missing._NEWLINE_Jesse Smith from DistroWatch Weekly reviewed ReactOS v0.4.9, and noted that ReactOS "ultimately had a similar problem: limited hardware support" and is not yet a stable operating system.
He studied mathematics at the University of Cambridge (1970–1973), and subsequently followed the Diploma of Statistics course there (1973–1974)._NEWLINE_Marrying a Dutch woman, he moved to the Netherlands where he worked from 1974 to 1988 at the Mathematical Centre (later renamed Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica, or CWI) of Amsterdam. In 1979, Gill obtained his PhD with the thesis Censoring and Stochastic Integrals, which was supervised by Jacobus Oosterhoff  of the Vrije Universiteit, which awarded the doctorate. Gill spent Autumn 1980 at the Statistical Research Unit at the University of Copenhagen. Gill continued to collaborate with Danish (and Norwegian) statisticians for ten years, helping to write the book Statistical models based on counting processes, which is often referred to as "ABGK" (for the authors Andersen, Borgan, Gill, and Keiding). In 1983 he became the head of the Department of Mathematical Statistics at CWI._NEWLINE_In 1988 he moved to the Department of Mathematics of Utrecht University. Gill became the chair in mathematical stochastics—this chair represented the three mathematical sciences of mathematical statistics, probability theory, and operations research. His PhD students include Sara van de Geer and Mark van der Laan._NEWLINE_In 2006, he moved to the Department of Mathematics at Leiden University, where he became the chair of mathematical statistics. Since then, he has conducted statistical research in the theory of quantum information, forensic statistics, scientific integrity and in biostatistics. He has also worked on survival analysis, semiparametric models, causality, missing data, machine learning, and statistics in image analysis. Gill also publishes on the foundations of several mathematical sciences: the foundations of statistics, of probability, of mathematics, and of quantum physics. He reached the mandatory retirement age in 2017, and continues with research and consultancy.
A handset can be unlocked by entering a code provided by the network operator. Alternative mechanisms include software running on the handset or a computer attached to the handset, hardware devices that connect to the handset or over-the-air by the carrier. Usually the unlock process is permanent. The code required to remove all locks from a phone is referred to as the master code, network code key, or multilock code. _NEWLINE_If the phone is network locked it will typically display one of the following messages: SIM network PIN blocked, Enter lock PIN._NEWLINE_There can also be multiple levels of locks placed on the phone by networks, which block the use of other networks' SIM cards. These are usually referred to as "Network Control Key" (NCK) and "Service Provider Control Key" (SPCK), additionally, a Regional lock exist which is specific to Europe and it is called "Region Control Key" (RGCK)._NEWLINE_These locks can be removed using the corresponding unlock codes, which are unique to each phone depending on its IMEI._NEWLINE_Typically, a locked handset will display a message if a restricted SIM is used, requesting the unlock code. On recent phone models running Android software, the phone will display a message saying “SIM network unlock PIN” or “Enter Network Lock Control Key” if network locked. Windows phones will display the message, “This SIM card can only be used on specific networks. Contact your customer service center for the unlock code”. Other handsets may display different messages such as "Enter special code" or "Enter unlocking code," or in some cases the handset will simply display a message stating that it is locked. Once a valid code is entered, the handset will display "Network unlocked” or “Network unlock successful”._NEWLINE_The unlock code is verified by the handset and is generated by the manufacturer, typically by an algorithm such as a one way hash or trapdoor function. Sometimes big telecom providers change the original factory unlock codes as an extra layer of security against unlocking services. For various big brands such as Samsung and Motorola there is no algorithm but just a random code generator where the unlock codes are programmed in the phone itself and then saved in a big database managed by the manufacturer. For the other brands where the unlock codes are still based on algorithms those are based on the IMEI number and the MCC code and have been reverse-engineered, stolen or leaked. Some handsets can be unlocked using software that generates an unlock code from an IMEI number and country and operator details using the algorithm specific to the handset. Other manufacturers have taken a more cautious approach, and embed a random number in the handset's firmware that is  retained by the manufacturer and the network on whose behalf the lock was applied. These handsets can still be unlocked by online services that have access to either inside people with the manufacturer or with the telecom networks, or they need to be connected to the computer with a cable where specific software will bypass the security and SIM-unlock the phone. Sometimes this is done by advanced calculations to bypass the security the official way and other times using exploits or overwriting parts of the firmware where the lock status is kept, and often even recover a phone that is bricked or completely damaged in the software sense._NEWLINE_Most handsets have security measures built into their firmware that protects them from repeated attempts to guess the unlock code. After entering more than a certain number of incorrect codes the phone becomes frozen. This is a state where the phone will display a security message that the phone needs service. Older phones could no longer be used at all at this point, however modern smartphones often keep working with the original SIM but require extra work to then unlock them correctly.  In extreme situations physical access to internal hardware via in-circuit debugging may be utilised (for example, via JTAG headers on a circuit board).  Such access may be required to modify initialization software used for booting._NEWLINE_A hardlocked phone is one in which a telecom provider has modified the firmware on the phone to make it impossible to manually enter the unlock codes in any way. The only solution to SIM-unlock such a phone is to change the firmware to a firmware which has not been modified by any telecom provider, a so-called "unbranded firmware".
STS-75 also was the first use of an operating system based on the Linux kernel on orbit. An older Digital Unix program, originally on a DEC AlphaServer, was ported to run Linux on a laptop. The next use of Linux was a year later, on STS-83.
Miller attended U.C. Davis, intending to study art. After switching majors, he graduated with a B.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering, and obtained a full-time job in LISP compiler development at Lucid Inc., with several future Loud Family bandmates. Of this period, Miller stated in an interview that his employers "let me go whenever I have to do band stuff, which is very big of them." Miller described his job situation as "kind of a carrot in front of me and a boot behind me," acknowledging that his engineering work was highly paid, and noting his need to make a living._NEWLINE_After Lucid's dissolution in 1994, Miller was a manager and software developer at Objectivity, where he became Director of Development and Technical Publications. From 2011 until his death, Miller was a lead engineer at MarkLogic._NEWLINE_U.S. Patent 7,761,475 was issued to Miller on July 20, 2010, as the inventor of a technique for object-oriented database management.
Similar to an "out" argument, a global variable can store what error occurred (or simply whether an error occurred)._NEWLINE_For instance, if an error occurs, and is signalled (generally as above, by an illegal value like −1) the Unix errno variable is set to indicate which value occurred. Using a global has its usual drawbacks: thread safety becomes a concern (modern operating systems use a thread-safe version of errno), and if only one error global is used, its type must be wide enough to contain all interesting information about all possible errors in the system.
Born in a small farming village in India, Mullainathan moved to the Los Angeles area in 1980. He received his B.A. in computer science, mathematics, and economics from Cornell University in 1993 and he completed his Ph.D. in economics from Harvard University 1993–1998.
Separability is especially important in numerical analysis and constructive mathematics, since many theorems that can be proved for nonseparable spaces have constructive proofs only for separable spaces. Such constructive proofs can be turned into algorithms for use in numerical analysis, and they are the only sorts of proofs acceptable in constructive analysis. A famous example of a theorem of this sort is the Hahn–Banach theorem.
Setiawan Djody (born 13 March 1949; Solo, Central Java, Indonesia) is an Indonesian businessman and guitarist._NEWLINE_Djody was a Wharton School graduate in 1974 and got the S-2 Philosophy from the University of California, Berkeley._NEWLINE_He is the Chairman of Setdco group in Indonesia; Setdco being named after his own name. He is also a musician, being listed by Rolling Stone as one of Asia's top guitarists._NEWLINE_The majority of its investments are in the areas of oil business, the media and agro-industry; including telecommunications. He is listed in the 150 richest Indonesian by the Forbes 2007 magazine. He is also active in the business of shipping and has several shipping companies._NEWLINE_Djody eagered on extreme sports and alcohol, which made him get liver tranplantation donor from her daughter Shri Jehan Djody, but he is well now and in May 2011 he has made Kantata Barock concert.
Vieno Severin "Severi" Alanne (1879-1960) was a Finnish-American chemical engineer, dictionary compiler, socialist journalist, and consumers' co-operative organizer. Alanne is best remembered as a director and publicist for the large and popular Finnish-American consumers' co-operative in the Upper Midwest region of the United States during the first half of the 20th Century.
To date he has published four books: Demon of the Air, Shadow of the Lords, City of Spies and Tribute of Death._NEWLINE_All are set in Precolumbian Mexico on the eve of the Spanish colonization of the Americas and feature as the protagonist Yaotl, a fictitious slave to Tlilpotonqui, the Cihuacóatl or chief minister in the Aztec state of Tenochtitlan under Hueyi Tlatoani, or Emperor, Moctezuma II. Demon of the Air won the Debut Dagger Award, given by the UK Crime Writers' Association, in 2000._NEWLINE_He has also published short stories in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine featuring the same character and setting._NEWLINE_His work has been noted for its historical detail, complex plotting, humour and often graphic violence._NEWLINE_He has acknowledged Australian historian and anthropologist Inga Clendinnen and the work of Bernardino de Sahagún, compiler of the Florentine Codex, as influences; he has also (in an interview with the Criminal History ezine) indicated that science fiction has been an influence on his work.
Despite their limitations and unpredictable nature, soft heaps are useful in the design of deterministic algorithms. They were used to achieve the best complexity to date for finding a minimum spanning tree. They can also be used to easily build an optimal selection algorithm, as well as near-sorting algorithms, which are algorithms that place every element near its final position, a situation in which insertion sort is fast._NEWLINE_One of the simplest examples is the selection algorithm. Say we want to find the kth largest of a group of n numbers. First, we choose an error rate of 1/3; that is, at most about 33% of the keys we insert will be corrupted. Now, we insert all n elements into the heap — we call the original values the "correct" keys, and the values stored in the heap the "stored" keys. At this point, at most n/3 keys are corrupted, that is, for at most n/3 keys is the "stored" key larger than the "correct" key, for all the others the stored key equals the correct key._NEWLINE_Next, we delete the minimum element from the heap n/3 times (this is done according to the "stored" key). As the total number of insertions we have made so far is still n, there are still at most n/3 corrupted keys in the heap. Accordingly, at least 2n/3 − n/3 = n/3 of the keys remaining in the heap are not corrupted._NEWLINE_Let L be the element with the largest correct key among the elements we removed. The stored key of L is possibly larger than its correct key (if L was corrupted), and even this larger value is smaller than all the stored keys of the remaining elements in the heap (as we were removing minimums). Therefore, the correct key of L is smaller than the remaining n/3 uncorrupted elements in the soft heap. Thus, L divides the elements somewhere between 33%/66% and 66%/33%. We then partition the set about L using the partition algorithm from quicksort and apply the same algorithm again to either the set of numbers less than L or the set of numbers greater than L, neither of which can exceed 2n/3 elements. Since each insertion and deletion requires O(1) amortized time, the total deterministic time is T(n) = T(2n/3) + O(n). Using case 3 of the master theorem for divide-and-conquer recurrences (with ε=1 and c=2/3), we know that T(n) = Θ(n)._NEWLINE_The final algorithm looks like this:_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_ function softHeapSelect(a[1..n], k)_NEWLINE_     if k = 1 then return minimum(a[1..n])_NEWLINE_     create(S)_NEWLINE_     for i from 1 to n_NEWLINE_         insert(S, a[i])_NEWLINE_     for i from 1 to n/3_NEWLINE_         x := findmin(S)_NEWLINE_         delete(S, x)_NEWLINE_     xIndex := partition(a, x)  // Returns new index of pivot x_NEWLINE_     if k < xIndex_NEWLINE_         softHeapSelect(a[1..xIndex-1], k)_NEWLINE_     else_NEWLINE_         softHeapSelect(a[xIndex..n], k-xIndex+1)
Sons and Daughters was created by television executive Reg Watson who was inspired by glossy US prime-time soaps Dallas and Dynasty, which were averaging huge ratings in their respective time slots on CBS and ABC and was curious to see how an Australian half-hour soap similar in style to those shows would fare with early evening or prime-time audiences. The show was an instant hit and with writers for the show being able to place one or more families and other characters in either Sydney or Melbourne, they knew the show would appeal to viewers living in those cities. Watson knew Melbourne-based shows often did not rate well with Sydney viewers, and set about using either Sydney or Melbourne as the birthplace for much of the show's cast of characters. Sons and Daughters even used some former plot lines from Dallas or Dynasty to gain high viewership figures for the show's timeslot. Critics and press likened the serial as an Australian version of Latin American or South American telenovelas which would often hit huge viewership figures in their home country. British television broadcaster ITV would soon begin airing the show and audiences in the United Kingdom and other European territories would begin to become fans of the show. Most European and foreign countries that aired the show broadcast it in daytime. Ratings for the show would be very high for the first three years, but following the departure of Rowena Wallace in early 1985 to pursue other acting opportunities, ratings quickly began to decline, and a wacky and rather dull idea was put in play for Wallace's character Patricia Hamilton to return to the soap played by another actress. In mid-1985, new actress to the show Belinda Giblin arrived as Alison Carr, the new identity of Patricia, who had plastic surgery in Rio de Janeiro to escape from authorities who were looking for her in Australia for supposedly murdering a wealthy millionaire's son named Luke Carlyle, who had embezzled his father's and Patricia's firm. Patricia used this new identity to regain entry into Australia and with an instant boost to viewership figures watching the storyline the show was deemed to be saved from cancellation. However, when Wallace returned to the show in its final season, as Patricia's/Alison's twin, Pamela, ratings began to slide and after six successful years the show ended in 1987 and would be replaced with new half-hour soap Home and Away, created by Alan Bateman, and featuring former Sons and Daughters screenwriter Bevan Lee. Sons and Daughters is best remembered for its over-the-top storylines and dramatic, and often hilarious, cliffhangers. One such cliffhanger featured character Alison Carr (Belinda Giblin) being bitten by a venomous snake, which had been hidden in a wall safe that Alison broke into to steal documents from villain Wayne Hamilton, played by Ian Rawlings. Though the snake used, a python, would have a non-lethal bite, that storyline featuring the infamous snake cliffhanger was often credited as a way to try and increase ratings for the show. Another rather spurious storyline featured a bomb being hidden in the bottom of wheelchair that killed off Barney Adams, a love interest of Fiona Thompson, when it exploded. The show gained a cult following and has been repeated more than once in both Australian and international territories.
A very distinctive regional style of South African cooking is often referred to as "Cape Dutch". This cuisine is characterized by the use of spices such as nutmeg, allspice and chili peppers. The Cape Dutch cookery style owes at least as much to the cookery of the slaves brought by the Dutch East India Company to the Cape from Bengal, Java and Malaysia as it does to the European styles of cookery imported by settlers from the Netherlands, and this is reflected in the use of eastern spices and the names given to many of these dishes._NEWLINE_The Cape Malay influence has brought spicy curries, sambals, pickled fish, and variety of fish stews._NEWLINE_Bobotie is a South African dish that has Cape Malay origins. It consists of spiced minced meat baked with an egg-based topping. Of the many dishes common to South Africa, bobotie is perhaps closest to being the national dish, because it isn't commonly found in any other country.  The recipe originates from the Dutch East India Company colonies in Batavia, with the name derived from the Indonesian bobotok. It is also made with curry powder leaving it with a slight "tang". It is often served with sambal, a hint of its origins from the Malay Archipelago._NEWLINE_South African yellow rice, a sweet dish made with raisins, cinnammon and sugar, also has its origins in Cape Malay cookery, often being referred to as Cape Malay yellow rice.
The original Meat Boy is an Adobe Flash game created by Edmund McMillen and programmed by Jonathan McEntee. The game was developed over a three-week period, and was released on Newgrounds on October 5, 2008. By April 2009, it had garnered over 840,000 views at Newgrounds, and 8 million overall. A map pack for the Flash version was released on December 8, 2008. McMillen began development of Super Meat Boy after Nintendo and Microsoft requested that he make a game for their download services, WiiWare and Xbox Live Arcade, as they were impressed by the success of his Flash games Aether and Meat Boy. At the time, he was working with Tommy Refenes on a Flash game titled Grey Matter. Although McMillen initially pitched the companies a sequel to Gish or Aether, the pair decided to form Team Meat and work on an expanded version of Meat Boy instead. Team Meat also includes soundtrack composer Danny Baranowsky and sound effects designer Jordan Fehr. According to the developers, Super Meat Boy is "a big throwback to a lot of super hardcore NES classics like Ghosts'n Goblins, Mega Man, and the Japanese version of Super Mario Bros. 2", with the plot written as "a mash-up of every videogame story from the early 90s". The game was explicitly designed by the team to be reminiscent of Super Mario Bros., and McMillen considered it a tribute to Shigeru Miyamoto, the developer of Super Mario Bros._NEWLINE_ McMillen worked on level design and artwork, while Refenes coded the game; it was tested primarily by the pair and their families. McMillen and Refenes lived on opposite sides of the United States, and met only a few times in person while working on the game. They developed the control scheme by iterating through several designs, trying to find one that felt fluid and logical. Rather than use a pre-built game engine, Refenes programmed an original one. The game was initially set to include around 100 levels, and to have co-operative and competitive multiplayer modes. During development, however, the multiplayer option was dropped and the number of levels was greatly increased. The pair designed the game to be deliberately "retro", imitating the aesthetics of traditional platform games, but with a modern sensibility regarding difficulty. They wanted the game to be rewarding and challenging, rather than frustrating; to this end they included infinite lives, quick restarts of levels, obvious goals, and short levels. They felt the replay feature transformed death into a form of reward._NEWLINE_Development of Super Meat Boy began in January 2009. Initially announced for WiiWare and PC, the game was set to be released in the first quarter of 2010. The release date was pushed back to the fourth quarter because the developers wanted more time to create extra levels, such as the dark worlds. A picture released on Team Meat's Twitter page on February 22, 2010, revealed that the game would also be released for XBLA. The next day, they announced that, while all versions would be released in the same month, the game would be released for XBLA first due to "contractual obligations". In August 2010, the developers were contacted by Microsoft with the prospect of inclusion in Microsoft's 2010 Fall GameFeast XBLA promotion two months later. As they were almost out of money, they did not believe that they could financially support themselves until the Spring event, but felt they had four months' worth of work left to complete on the game. For the final two months of development they worked daily, slept five hours a night, and frequently forgot to eat—a process that McMillen said he "would never voluntarily go through" again. According to McMillen, due to Microsoft's low expectations for the game, Super Meat Boy was lightly promoted. The level of promotion was not increased during the GameFeast, though the game greatly outsold the rest of the games in the event. The team described the effort required to finish the game for the promotion as "by far the biggest mistake [they] made during SMB's development". Their development struggle is depicted in the documentary Indie Game: The Movie. The game was released on XBLA in October 2010 and on PCs via Steam and Direct2Drive a month later. McMillen noted that the PC release was more heavily promoted than the XBLA version. A version for Mac OS X was released in November 2011, while another version for Linux operating systems was released in December 2011 as part of the Humble Indie Bundle #4 game pack._NEWLINE_Due to Sony's initial lack of interest in the game, Team Meat entered into contractual obligations that prohibited Super Meat Boy from ever being released on the PlayStation 3. Despite this a version for the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita was eventually announced  The WiiWare version was canceled because the game's file size had been expanded beyond the limits imposed by Nintendo. Team Meat looked into releasing it as a retail Wii game, but were told by all third-party publishers they approached that a budget title would not be profitable so late into the Wii's lifecycle. However, after Team Meat hinted it in October 2015, Super Meat Boy has been confirmed for the Wii U eShop via a release reel shown on the European Nintendo Direct of March 2016. The Wii U port is handled by BlitWorks, a separate indie developer, and was released in 2016. Team Meat announced a Nintendo Switch port in August 2017, and it was released on January 11, 2018. The Switch version includes a platform-exclusive "Race Mode", allowing two players on the Switch's split-screen and using separate Joy-Con to race through sets of levels. This mode was added to the Windows version in October 2018._NEWLINE_A limited edition retail version of the PC game was released in April 2011. It included bonuses such as behind-the-scenes videos, a sample disc of the game's music, and a Super Meat Boy comic. In 2012 Team Meat began prototyping an iOS and Android version of the game. The game is intended to be a different take on the Super Meat Boy concept that is more adapted to touch-screen controls than a direct port would be. This game was later confirmed to be titled Super Meat Boy: Forever, which is slated for a 2018 release. Later Team Meat released two images of the new game one with the new graphics and other with the new chapter named The Green Hills._NEWLINE_Team Meat released several pieces of merchandise related to Super Meat Boy. These include Super Meat Boy Handheld, an iOS app released on April 3, 2010 and styled on a Tiger Electronics handheld. It was released as a joke after Refenes' game Zits & Giggles was removed from the iTunes Store following a statement by Refenes that likened the iPhone to a Tiger handheld. McMillen has released a Super Meat Boy microgame for WarioWare D.I.Y. Team Meat sells charms, plush toys, and posters related to the game, as well as T-shirts, stickers, stress balls, and a limited edition Super Meat Boy comic. In 2011, Voxelous released a set of four Super Meat Boy figures of Meat Boy, Bandage Girl, Brownie, and Tofu Boy, later making figures of Commander Video, Jill, Ogmo, and Dr. Fetus.
The plot device of a woman passing herself as a man to do war, as in Syair Abdul Muluk, was a common one in Malay and Javanese literature, including the Pandji stories from Java and hikayat and syair from Malaya. Other examples included the Hikayat Panji Semirang, Hikayat Jauhar Manikam, and Syair Siti Zubaidah Perang Cina. The latter work shares several plot similarities with Syair Abdul Muluk, although as Syair Siti Zubaidah Perang Cina is undated it is impossible to determine which came first._NEWLINE_The literary scholar Monique Zaini-Lajoubert notes that Syair Abdul Muluk shows that women can play a powerful role. However, these women obtain their power not from their womanhood but by passing as a man. Ultimately, she suggests, the text emphasises that a good woman is a faithful wife. Barbara Watson Andaya likewise notes a feminist theme, although in some cases – such as polygamy – the contents do not diverge from society's expectations._NEWLINE_Theatre scholar Julian Millie notes that other states of power are inverted in the story. He writes "codes of propriety are made fun of and hierarchies are inverted" through interactions between nobles and their servants.
In 1813 Java was under British control and the land was being leased rather than subject to forced deliveries and contingents as it had been under the Dutch._NEWLINE_Major Udney Yule, the British resident, was instructed by Stamford Raffles to grant equitable and moderate leases to the renter class._NEWLINE_All the half-yearly rents in the Bantam Residency due on 1 July 1813 were paid on time apart from those due from Pontang, Tanara, Tambakbaya and Trate(?). _NEWLINE_In this area a drought had caused the rice crop to fail entirely.
Innovations continued through the Middle Ages with innovations such as silk, the horse collar and horseshoes in the first few hundred years after the fall of the Roman Empire. Medieval technology saw the use of simple machines (such as the lever, the screw, and the pulley) being combined to form more complicated tools, such as the wheelbarrow, windmills and clocks. The Renaissance brought forth many of these innovations, including the printing press (which facilitated the greater communication of knowledge), and technology became increasingly associated with science, beginning a cycle of mutual advancement. The advancements in technology in this era allowed a more steady supply of food, followed by the wider availability of consumer goods._NEWLINE_Starting in the United Kingdom in the 18th century, the Industrial Revolution was a period of great technological discovery, particularly in the areas of agriculture, manufacturing, mining, metallurgy, and transport, driven by the discovery of steam power. Technology took another step in a second industrial revolution with the harnessing of electricity to create such innovations as the electric motor, light bulb, and countless others. Scientific advancement and the discovery of new concepts later allowed for powered flight and advancements in medicine, chemistry, physics, and engineering. The rise in technology has led to skyscrapers and broad urban areas whose inhabitants rely on motors to transport them and their food supply. Communication was also greatly improved with the invention of the telegraph, telephone, radio and television. The late 19th and early 20th centuries saw a revolution in transportation with the invention of the airplane and automobile._NEWLINE_The 20th century brought a host of innovations. In physics, the discovery of nuclear fission has led to both nuclear weapons and nuclear power. Computers were also invented and later miniaturized utilizing transistors and integrated circuits. Information technology subsequently led to the creation of the Internet, which ushered in the current Information Age. Humans have also been able to explore space with satellites (later used for telecommunication) and in manned missions going all the way to the moon. In medicine, this era brought innovations such as open-heart surgery and later stem cell therapy along with new medications and treatments._NEWLINE_Complex manufacturing and construction techniques and organizations are needed to make and maintain these new technologies, and entire industries have arisen to support and develop succeeding generations of increasingly more complex tools. Modern technology increasingly relies on training and education – their designers, builders, maintainers, and users often require sophisticated general and specific training. Moreover, these technologies have become so complex that entire fields have been created to support them, including engineering, medicine, and computer science, and other fields have been made more complex, such as construction, transportation, and architecture.
The game was developed by the United States software company Bethesda Softworks. Ken Rolston, who was Morrowind's lead designer, oversaw the development team. The PC and Xbox 360 versions of the game were co-published by 2K Games and Bethesda. Work on Oblivion began shortly after the release of Morrowind in 2002. By mid-September 2004, Oblivion had been officially announced, and its title revealed._NEWLINE_During Oblivion's development, Bethesda concentrated on creating a system with a more realistic storyline, believable characters, and meaningful quests than had been done in the past. In comparison with previous titles in the series, the game features improved artificial intelligence thanks to the use of Bethesda proprietary Radiant AI software, and enhanced physics facilitated by the Havok physics engine. The graphics take advantage of advanced lighting and shader routines such as high-dynamic-range rendering (HDR) and specular mapping. Bethesda developed and implemented procedural content creation tools in the building of Oblivion's terrain, leading to the expedited creation of landscapes that are more complex and realistic than in past titles._NEWLINE_While designing Oblivion's landscape and architecture, developers worked from personal travel photographs, nature books, texture images, and reference photographs. Procedural content generation tools used in production allowed for the creation of realistic environments at much faster rates than was the case with Morrowind. Erosion algorithms incorporated in the landscape generation tools allowed for the creation of craggy terrain quickly and easily, replacing Morrowind's artificially smoothed-over terrain._NEWLINE_Oblivion's view distance is far greater than its predecessor's, extending player sightlines to the horizon and giving views of distant towns and mountain ranges. According to a Microsoft press release, Oblivion's game world is approximately 16 square miles (41 square kilometers) in size. Wilderness quests, ruins, and dungeons were added to fill surplus space. Content in the dungeons is more densely packed than in dungeons in Morrowind, with an increase in the frequency of creature encounters, quest-related NPCs, and puzzles. The populations represented in Oblivion, however, do not match the "thousands upon thousands" described in previous in-game literature. The development team decided to set the NPC populations at a level that would play well, rather than one that would match game lore, since the presence of a large number of NPCs on screen would have caused the game to slow down._NEWLINE_In response to the criticism that NPC behavior had been too simplistic in Morrowind, Bethesda developed the Radiant AI system for Oblivion. NPCs were designed to make choices, rather than complete scripted routines, to achieve predetermined goals. The manner in which goals such as eating, sleeping, reading, and speaking to others are fulfilled is dependent upon the environment, the choices of other NPCs, and programmed personality values. For example, an NPC whose goal is to find food may eventually resort to stealing from others, if they are given the opportunity and if it is in their character. These development mechanics allowed Bethesda to create NPCs who could engage in complex activities.
The introduction of film-based photography created issues since capturing the enormous dynamic range of lighting from the real world on a chemically limited negative was very difficult. Early film developers attempted to remedy this issue by designing the film stocks and the print development systems that gave a desired S-shaped tone curve with slightly enhanced contrast (about 15%) in the middle range and gradually compressed highlights and shadows .  Photographers have also used dodging and burning to overcome the limitations of the print process ._NEWLINE_The advent of digital photography gave hope for better solutions to this problem. One of the earliest algorithms employed by Land and McCann in 1971 was Retinex, inspired by theories of lightness perception .This method is inspired by the eye’s biological mechanisms of adaptation when lighting conditions are an issue. Gamut mapping algorithms were also extensively studied in the context of color printing. Computational models such as CIECAM02 or iCAM were used to predict color appearance. Despite this, if algorithms could not sufficiently map tones and colors, a skilled artist was still needed, as is the case with cinematographic movie post-processing._NEWLINE_Computer graphic techniques capable of rendering high-contrast scenes shifted the focus from color to luminance as the main limiting factor of display devices. Several tone mapping operators were developed to map high dynamic range (HDR) images to standard displays. More recently, this work has branched away from utilizing luminance to extend image contrast and towards other methods such as user-assisted image reproduction. Currently, image reproduction has shifted towards display-driven solutions since displays now possess advanced image processing algorithms that help adapt rendering of the image to viewing conditions, save power, up-scale color gamut and dynamic range.
The images on the right show the interior of a church, a scene which has a variation in radiance much larger than that which can be displayed on a monitor or recorded by a conventional camera. The six individual exposures from the camera show the radiance of the scene in some range transformed to the range of brightnesses that can be displayed on a monitor. The range of radiances recorded in each photo is limited, so not all details can be displayed at once: for example, details of the dark church interior cannot be displayed at the same time as those of the bright stained-glass window. An algorithm is applied to the six images to recreate the high dynamic range radiance map of the original scene (a high dynamic range image). Alternatively, some higher-end consumer and specialist scientific digital cameras are able to record a high dynamic range image directly, for example with RAW images._NEWLINE_In the ideal case, a camera might measure luminance directly and store this in the HDR image; however, most high dynamic range images produced by cameras today are not calibrated or even proportional to luminance, due to practical reasons such as cost and time required to measure accurate luminance values — it is often sufficient for artists to use multiple exposures to gain an "HDR image" which grossly approximates the true luminance signal._NEWLINE_The high dynamic range image is passed to a tone mapping operator, in this case a local operator, which transforms the image into a low dynamic range image suitable for viewing on a monitor. Relative to the church interior, the stained-glass window is displayed at a much lower brightness than a linear mapping between scene radiance and pixel intensity would produce. However, this inaccuracy is perceptually less important than the image detail, which can now be shown in both the window and the church interior simultaneously.
As TEM specimen holders typically allow for the rotation of a sample by a desired angle, multiple views of the same specimen can be obtained by rotating the angle of the sample along an axis perpendicular to the beam. By taking multiple images of a single TEM sample at differing angles, typically in 1° increments, a set of images known as a "tilt series" can be collected. This methodology was proposed in the 1970s by Walter Hoppe. Under purely absorption contrast conditions, this set of images can be used to construct a three-dimensional representation of the sample._NEWLINE_The reconstruction is accomplished by a two-step process, first images are aligned to account for errors in the positioning of a sample; such errors can occur due to vibration or mechanical drift. Alignment methods use image registration algorithms, such as autocorrelation methods to correct these errors. Secondly, using a reconstruction algorithm, such as filtered back projection, the aligned image slices can be transformed from a set of two-dimensional images, Iⱼ(x, y), to a single three-dimensional image, I'ⱼ(x, y, z). This three-dimensional image is of particular interest when morphological information is required, further study can be undertaken using computer algorithms, such as isosurfaces and data slicing to analyse the data._NEWLINE_As TEM samples cannot typically be viewed at a full 180° rotation, the observed images typically suffer from a "missing wedge" of data, which when using Fourier-based back projection methods decreases the range of resolvable frequencies in the three-dimensional reconstruction. Mechanical refinements, such as multi-axis tilting (two tilt series of the same specimen made at orthogonal directions) and conical tomography (where the specimen is first tilted to a given fixed angle and then imaged at equal angular rotational increments through one complete rotation in the plane of the specimen grid) can be used to limit the impact of the missing data on the observed specimen morphology. Using focused ion beam milling, a new technique has been proposed which uses pillar-shaped specimen and a dedicated on-axis tomography holder to perform 180° rotation of the sample inside the pole piece of the objective lens in TEM. Using such arrangements, quantitative electron tomography without the missing wedge is possible. In addition, numerical techniques exist which can improve the collected data._NEWLINE_All the above-mentioned methods involve recording tilt series of a given specimen field. This inevitably results in the summation of a high dose of reactive electrons through the sample and the accompanying destruction of fine detail during recording. The technique of low-dose (minimal-dose) imaging is therefore regularly applied to mitigate this effect. Low-dose imaging is performed by deflecting illumination and imaging regions simultaneously away from the optical axis to image an adjacent region to the area to be recorded (the high-dose region). This area is maintained centered during tilting and refocused before recording. During recording the deflections are removed so that the area of interest is exposed to the electron beam only for the duration required for imaging. An improvement of this technique (for objects resting on a sloping substrate film) is to have two symmetrical off-axis regions for focusing followed by setting focus to the average of the two high-dose focus values before recording the low-dose area of interest._NEWLINE_Non-tomographic variants on this method, referred to as single particle analysis, use images of multiple (hopefully) identical objects at different orientations to produce the image data required for three-dimensional reconstruction. If the objects do not have significant preferred orientations, this method does not suffer from the missing data wedge (or cone) which accompany tomographic methods nor does it incur excessive radiation dosage, however it assumes that the different objects imaged can be treated as if the 3D data generated from them arose from a single stable object.
The UIC identification marking for tractive stock is a standard for identifying train stock like locomotives that supply tractive force. Since the beginning of 2007 locomotives or other traction units in Europe have been given a 12-digit number. Vehicle numbering is now governed by the Intergovernmental Organisation for International Carriage by Rail and in Technical Specifications for Interoperability (TSI) of the European Union, specifically the European Railway Agency's CR OPE TSI (Conventional Rail OPErations Technical Specification for Interoperability). This makes the locomotive clearly identifiable within Europe and parts of Asia and northern Africa (see List of UIC country codes)._NEWLINE_A complete number comprises 12 digits and goes back to the UIC Code of Practice 438-3, Identification marking for tractive stock. Digits 1–2 are the type code, 3–4 the country of origin (where the vehicle is registered), 5–11 are defined by the country concerned, 12 is the check digit calculated via the Luhn algorithm. It is followed by abbreviations for the country of origin and the owner of the vehicle._NEWLINE_The EU CR OPE TSI required that by 1 August 2008 all traction units had to be registered and marked with their number. Existing locomotive numbers used internally were not necessarily affected, but meanwhile in many countries the vehicles got 12-digit numbers.
The check digit is calculated from digits 1–11 using the Luhn algorithm. It is derived from the sum of the numbers that arise when the digits are alternately multiplied by 2 and 1; the difference of this sum from the next multiple of ten produces the check digit (for examples of this see wagon numbers).
The technology was developed for different platforms. By 2018, Unity was used to make games and other experiences for more than 25 platforms, including mobile, desktop, consoles, and virtual reality. Unity games can also be deployed on the Web._NEWLINE_The Unity Asset Store launched in November 2010 as an online marketplace for Unity users to sell project assets (artwork, code systems, audio, etc.) to each other._NEWLINE_In April 2012, Unity reportedly had 1 million registered developers, 300,000 of whom used Unity on a monthly basis. In May of the same year, a survey by Game Developer revealed that approximately 53% of mobile game developers were using Unity. By 2016, the company reported more than 5.5 million registered users. Part of Unity's appeal is that it allows people who lack the technical knowledge to program games from scratch to create games and other simulations._NEWLINE_Facebook integrated a software development kit for games using the Unity game engine in 2013. The kit featured tools that allowed tracking advertising campaigns and deep linking, where users were directly linked from social media posts to specific portions within games, and in-game-image sharing._NEWLINE_Unity acquired Applifier, a Helsinki-based mobile service provider, in March 2014. Applifier's game replay sharing and community service was initially called Everyplay, and became known as Unity Everyplay. The acquisition also meant that Applifier's mobile video ad network, GameAds, became Unity Ads. Two more acquisitions followed later in 2014: Playnomics, a data analysis platform for developers (now Unity Analytics), and Tsugi, whose continuous integration service became known as Unity Cloud Build._NEWLINE_In October 2014, Helgason announced in a blog post that he would be stepping down as CEO with John Riccitiello, the former CEO of game company Electronic Arts, replacing him. Helgason remained with the company as executive vice-president._NEWLINE_Software developer Niantic released Pokémon Go, which was built using Unity engine, in 2016. Following the success of Pokémon Go, Unity Technologies held several rounds of funding that increased the company's valuation: In July 2016, a $181 million round of funding valued the company at approximately $1.5 billion; in May 2017, the company raised $400 million that valued the company at $2.8 billion; and in 2018 Unity's CEO confirmed a $145 million round that valued the company at approximately $3 billion. Also in 2016, Facebook developed a new PC gaming platform with Unity. In 2017, Unity Technologies acquired Multiplay, a business that offers multiplayer server game hosting, from retailer Game for £19 million._NEWLINE_Unity Technologies released the Unity 2017 version of its platform in 2017. Unity worked with Google on ARCore in 2017 to develop augmented reality tools for Android devices and apps. The following year, Unity Technologies worked with Google Cloud to offer services for online game developers and Alphabet Inc. subsidiary DeepMind to develop virtual world artificial intelligence. The Unity platform is used to help machines through reinforced learning. According to Fast Company, DeepMind uses Unity software to train algorithms in "physics-realistic environments", where a computer will continually try to achieve a goal through trial and error._NEWLINE_The use of Unity Technologies software expanded beyond games in the 2010s, including film and television and automotive. For the automotive industry, carmakers use Unity's virtual reality platform for design and virtual world car testing simulations. In October 2018, Unity Technologies acquired Digital Monarch Media, a Canadian virtual cinematography company._NEWLINE_Unity Technologies created the Unity Icon Collective in November 2018. The team creates assets for sale in the Unity Asset Store for PC and consoles. The assets—characters, environments, art, and animation—can be used in high-quality games; the move was seen as an attempt to compete with Unity's rivals, such as Epic Games' Unreal Engine._NEWLINE_The company acquired Vivox, a cross-platform voice and text chat provider based in Framingham, Massachusetts, in January 2019. The company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Unity Technologies and operates independently. Vivox's technology is used in Fortnite, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, and League of Legends, among others. Terms of the deal were  not disclosed. In May 2019, the company confirmed a $150 million Series E funding round that increased its valuation to $6 billion. In July that year, it announced that together with D1 Capital Partners, CPP Investment Board, Light Street Capital, Sequoia Capital and Silver Lake Partners, it would fund a $525 million tender to allow Unity's common shareholders to sell their shares in the company. Unity Technologies additionaly purchased game analytics company deltaDNA in September 2019 to undisclosed terms, as well as live game management platform ChilliConnect in October 2019.
Unity Technologies is a private company based in San Francisco, California. As of 2018, the company employed more than 2,000 people in offices across North America, Europe and Asia. It is overseen by a board of directors. John Riccitiello acts as chief executive officer (CEO), and replaced co-founder and former CEO David Helgason in 2014. Danny Lange, who has a history of work on machine learning for IBM, Microsoft, Amazon Web Services and Uber, is vice-president of artificial intelligence and machine learning, a post he has held since late 2016. Unity Technologies named its first independent directors in 2017. Riccitiello said the move was needed if the company intended to go public in the future. According to TechCrunch, Unity Technologies had raised more than $600 million in funding and was valued at about $3 billion by 2018. Its investors include Sequoia Capital, Draper Fisher Jurveston, Silver Lake, China Investment Corporation, FreeS Fund, Thrive Capital, WestSummit Capital and Max Levchin. Revenue streams include licensing fees for its game engine, its Unity Asset Store, and the Unity platform._NEWLINE_In 2017, Unity Technologies launched Unity Without Borders, a programme that sponsored 50 video game programmers from the Middle East to attend Unity's Unite Europe conference in Amsterdam. Unity Without Borders sponsored video game programmers affected by travel restrictions by President Donald Trump's administration._NEWLINE_On 5 June 2019, Anne Evans, formerly vice-president in human resources for Unity Technologies, filed a sexual harassment and wrongful termination lawsuit against the company, alleging that she had been harassed by Riccitiello and another co-worker, and was then terminated over the dispute with the latter. Unity Technologies responded that Evans' allegations were false and that she had been terminated due to misconduct and lapse in judgment.
Wang Dongming (Chinese: 王东明; born July 1961 in Anhui, China) is Research Director (Directeur de Recherche) at the French National Center for Scientific Research (Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, CNRS). He was awarded Wen-tsün Wu Chair Professor at the University of Science and Technology of China in 2001, Changjiang Scholar of the Chinese Ministry of Education in 2005, and Bagui Scholar of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China in 2014. He was elected Member of the Academia Europaea in 2017._NEWLINE_Wang worked on algorithmic elimination theory, geometric reasoning and knowledge management, and applications of symbolic computation to qualitative analysis of differential equations. In 1993 he proposed an elimination method for triangular decomposition of polynomial systems, which has been referred to as Wang's method and compared with other three methods. Later on he introduced the concepts of regular systems and simple systems and devised algorithms for regular and simple triangular decompositions. He also developed a package, called Epsilon, which implements his methods._NEWLINE_Wang popularized the use of methods and tools of computer algebra for symbolic analysis of stability and bifurcation of differential and biological systems. He constructed a class of cubic differential systems with six small-amplitude limit cycles and rediscovered the incompleteness of Kukles' center conditions of 1944, which stimulated the study of Kukles' system in hundred papers. Since 2004 he has been involved in research projects on geometric knowledge management and discovery. With co-workers he developed an algorithmic approach for automated discovery of geometric theorems from images of diagrams._NEWLINE_Wang served as General Chair of ISSAC 2007 and is founding Editor-in-Chief and Managing Editor of Mathematics in Computer Science and Executive Associate Editor-in-Chief of SCIENCE CHINA Information Sciences._NEWLINE_Currently he works as Professor at Beihang University and Guangxi University for Nationalities, China on leave (détaché) from CNRS.
Bassil praised the SoundClown scene as "loveable and strangely honest", reasoning that it "just reminds me that we're all humans on the internet, all searching for #content that means something, something to connect with, but usually only dredging up bastardised versions of things we've already read, seen, or watched before."_NEWLINE_Bassil also described the weird SoundCloud as a more successful version of a similar scene known as weird YouTube; the reason for the success of SoundClowns is due to SoundCloud's discovery algorithm: "Small collectives and trends are able to form, and there's an abundance of tracks from artists who are almost forging careers out of it, as opposed to uploading one viral hit." Publications have made lists of weird SoundCloud works, such as Buzzfeed's "23 Of The Weirdest Songs On Soundcloud", Obsev's "Weird SoundCloud Mashups That Must've Been Made While Drunk", and Thump's "9 of the Best and Most Upsetting Soundclowns we Could Find", where writer Isabelle Hellyer called it the "most influential genre of music in human history." A Your EDM writer called it "oddly addicting."
Windows Deployment Services is a server technology from Microsoft for network-based installation of Windows operating systems. It is the successor to Remote Installation Services.  WDS is intended to be used for remotely deploying Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2016, but also supports other operating systems because unlike its predecessor RIS, which was a method of automating the installation process, WDS uses disk imaging, in particular the Windows Imaging Format (WIM). WDS is included as a Server Role in all 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows Server 2008, and is included as an optionally installable component with Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 2.
WDS functions in conjunction with the Preboot Execution Environment (PXE) to load a miniature edition of Windows known as Windows PE for installation and maintenance tasks. WDS functions as both a storage repository for the PXE network boot images as well as a repository for the actual operating system images to be installed on the target computer._NEWLINE_When multiple boot images are available, PXE booting via WDS will present the end-user with a boot menu to select the image to load.
He was born in Salatiga, Central Java, Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) on August 21, 1928, the son of immigrants from Fujian, a coastal province of southeastern China. He swam from an early age, playing as a child on the riverside of Surakarta. In 1941, at the age of 13, he performed beyond all expectations at an important swimming competition in Indonesia, setting a new Indonesian record for the 200 metre butterfly and beating the Dutch champion._NEWLINE_Wu was one of the 26 competitors—and the lone swimmer—representing the Republic of China at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. Wu swam in the heats of the men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing fifth in his heat with the 32nd fastest time overall (1:03.5)._NEWLINE_In the fall of 1951, at the age of 23, Wu represented Indonesia at the 3rd World Festival of Youth and Students in East Berlin, winning a silver medal in the 100 metre backstroke, with a time of 1:12.8._NEWLINE_At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Wu was part of the 40-member delegation from the People's Republic of China.  The government decided to send the Olympic team only one day prior to the opening ceremonies, and the basketball and football teams arrived too late to compete, making Wu the only competitor for China at those Games._NEWLINE_Wu swam in the heats of the men's 100 metre backstroke on July 30, and finished fifth in his heat with the 28th fastest time overall (1:12.3)._NEWLINE_In August 1953, Wu competed at the 4th World Festival of Youth and Students in Bucharest, Romania.  He won the 100 metre backstroke with a time of 1:06.4. His victory was so unexpected that the swimming organizers did not have a recording of the Chinese national anthem and had to borrow one from the athletics organizers.  This medal ceremony was the first time that the flag of the People's Republic of China was raised at an international sporting event._NEWLINE_In 1954, Wu and the entire Chinese swimming team was sent to Budapest, Hungary to receive training. While in Budapest, Wu attended the 12th World Student Games.
9-track 800 NRZI and 1600 PE (phase encoding) tapes use a 0.6 inches (15 mm) inter-record gap (IRG) between data records to allow the tape to stop and start between records. 6250 GCR tapes use a tighter 0.3 inches (7.6 mm) IRG. _NEWLINE_The 9-track tapes had reflective stickers placed on the non-data side 10 feet (3.0 m) from the beginning of the tape and 14 feet (4.3 m) from the end of the tape to facilitate signaling the hardware to prevent the tape from unwinding from the hubs. These reflective stickers established the beginning-of-tape (BOT) and end-of-tape (EOT) marks. Ten feet of leader and trailer tape was sufficiently long to allow the tape down and up the air columns and wrap around the hub a few times. The extra 4 feet in the trailer was to allow the operating system space to write a few blocks of data after the EOT mark to finalize the tape data segment in a multi-volume dataset. It was a common practice for operators to clip off a few inches of leader tape when it became frayed. If the leading reflective strip became detached from the tape it became VERY difficult to read the data since the BOT point of the dataset was no longer easily located and BOT orientation was nearly impossible._NEWLINE_Nine-track tapes commonly had densities of 800, 1600, and 6250 cpi, giving 22.5MB, 45MB and 175MB respectively on a standard 2,400 feet (730 m) tape.
To fire, the operator inserts a loaded magazine, pulls back and releases the charging handle, and then pulls the trigger. In semi-automatic, the firearm fires only once, requiring the trigger to be released and depressed again for the next shot. In fully automatic, the rifle continues to fire automatically cycling fresh rounds into the chamber until the magazine is exhausted or pressure is released from the trigger. After ignition of the cartridge primer and propellant, rapidly expanding propellant gases are diverted into the gas cylinder above the barrel through a vent near the muzzle. The build-up of gases inside the gas cylinder drives the long-stroke piston and bolt carrier rearward and a cam guide machined into the underside of the bolt carrier, along with an ejector spur on the bolt carrier rail guide, rotates the bolt approximately 35° and unlocks it from the barrel extension via a camming pin on the bolt. The moving assembly has about 5.5 mm (0.2 in) of free travel, which creates a delay between the initial recoil impulse of the piston and the bolt unlocking sequence, allowing gas pressures to drop to a safe level before the seal between the chamber and the bolt is broken. The AK-47 does not have a gas valve; excess gases are ventilated through a series of radial ports in the gas cylinder. The Kalashnikov operating system offers no primary extraction upon bolt rotation, but uses an extractor claw to eject the spent cartridge case.
The introduction of the Active Desktop marked Microsoft's attempt to capitalize on the push technology trend led by PointCast. Active Desktop placed a number of "channels" on the user's computer desktop that provided continually-updated information, such as news headlines and stock quotes, without requiring the user to open a Web browser. However, its most notable feature was that it allowed MJPGs and animated GIFs to animate correctly when set as the desktop wallpaper._NEWLINE_Active Desktop debuted as part of an Internet Explorer 4.0  preview release in July 1997, and came out with the launch of the 4.0 browser in September that year. for Windows 95 and Windows NT 4.0, as a feature of the optional Windows Desktop Update offered to users during the upgrade installation. While the Windows Desktop Update is commonly referred to (improperly) as Active Desktop itself, it is actually an entire Windows shell upgrade from v4.0 to v4.71, or v4.72, with numerous changes to the Windows interface, resulting in an appearance and functionality level nearly indistinguishable from the then yet-to-be-released Windows 98. Features include the option to allow uppercase filenames (the old v4.0 desktop would forcibly display uppercase filenames in title case), configurable one-click hot-tracking file selection, customizable per-folder HTML display settings, QuickLaunch mini-buttons on the Taskbar next to the Start button, upgraded Start Menu allowing drag and drop item reordering and allowing right-click context menus for item renaming, etc. With the update, Windows Explorer featured an Address bar in which Internet addresses can be entered and seamlessly browsed._NEWLINE_Active Desktop never attained any significant degree of popularity, as its drawbacks included high use of system resources and reduction in system stability. The component was retained in Windows XP but was replaced by a feature named Windows Sidebar in Windows Vista. Sidebar in turn was called Windows Desktop Gadgets in Windows 7, which also allows components to be added to the desktop, but it was also discontinued due to security issues; Windows 8 replaced it with live tiles in the Start screen. Windows Server 2003 R2 32-bit is the most recent Microsoft operating system to support Active Desktop. It appears that the 64-bit version of Windows XP no longer supports Active Desktop. However, it still provides the option to display Web pages and channels built with Microsoft's Channel Definition Format (CDF) on the desktop._NEWLINE_The HTML displaying capabilities are now mainly used for creating original wallpapers and adding search boxes to the desktop. For example, a user could copy the following code to display Wikipedia's search-box on the desktop:_NEWLINE_<form_NEWLINE_    action="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Search"_NEWLINE_    id="searchform"_NEWLINE_    name="searchform">_NEWLINE_  <input_NEWLINE_      accesskey="f"_NEWLINE_      id="searchInput"_NEWLINE_      name="search"_NEWLINE_      type="text"_NEWLINE_      value="" />_NEWLINE_  <input_NEWLINE_      id="searchGoButton"_NEWLINE_      name="go"_NEWLINE_      type="submit"_NEWLINE_      value="Go" /></form>
Although born in the Indonesian provence of Papua, Sunarko's family are Javanese immigrants from Bantul, Yogyakarta._NEWLINE_Sunarko was educated at St. Peter Canisius Middle Seminary, in the town of Mertoyudan in Magelang Regency from 1982 to 1987. After completing his studies at the Mertoyudan Seminary, he was accepted as a candidate member of the Franciscans and underwent training as a novitiate. As part of his formation Sunarko studied philosophy at STF Driyakarya in Jakarta. He resumed his theological studies at the Wedabhakti Pontifical Theological Faculty, Sanata Dharma University, after completing his pastoral orientation year._NEWLINE_On 15 August 1994, Sunarko took his solemn vows as a member of the Order of Friars Minor. The following year on 8 July 1995, he was ordained a priest by then-Cardinal Julius Darmaatmadja._NEWLINE_After his ordination Sunarko was the provencial head of the Franciscan friars in Indonesia, and served as a priest in the Diocese of Jayapura._NEWLINE_On 28 June 2017 it was announced that Sunarko had been nominated as the bishop of Pangkal-Pinang, succeeding Hilarius Moa Nurak who had died in April of the previous year. On 23 September of that year Sunarko was ordained bishop of the diocese of Pangkal-Pinang by archbishop of Palembang, Aloysius Sudarso.
Alan William Paeth was born on May 11, 1956 in Seattle, Washington. He obtained a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science from Caltech and his PhD at the University of Waterloo in 1994. His doctoral advisor was William B. Cowan and his doctoral dissertation was on Linear Models of Reflective Colour. He married Catherine Anne Person in 1983; she predeceased him in 2008._NEWLINE_He died in Kelowna, British Columbia on June 3, 2018.
SunSoft developed the game with the intention of surpassing the enormously popular Super Mario Bros., and advertised the game with the slogan Ano Super Mario wo koeta!! (あのスーパーマリオを超えた!!, lit. "The game that surpassed Super Mario!!" The number of levels included in Atlantis did surpass the number included in Super Mario Brothers)._NEWLINE_Though the game was never released outside Japan, a partially translated version titled Super Pitfall II was under development by Activision for release in North America as the sequel to the unrelated Super Pitfall. The game was ported to the PlayStation on December 6, 2001 as part of Memorial Series SunSoft Vol. 2 (coupled with Route-16 Turbo). The game was also released for the Microsoft Windows operating system on June 29, 2001 as part of the Ultra 2000 Sunsoft Classic Games 1 (coupled with Super Arabian and The Wing of Madoola) and its value version, Yu Yu Sunsoft Kessakusen 1 (released July 2, 2004).
A defect is an error caused in a device during the manufacturing process. A fault model is a mathematical description of how a defect alters design behavior. The logic values observed at the device's primary outputs, while applying a test pattern to some device under test (DUT), are called the output of that test pattern. The output of a test pattern, when testing a fault-free device that works exactly as designed, is called the expected output of that test pattern. A fault is said to be detected by a test pattern if the output of that test pattern, when testing a device that has only that one fault, is different than the expected output. The ATPG process for a targeted fault consists of two phases: fault activation and fault propagation. Fault activation establishes a signal value at the fault model site that is opposite of the value produced by the fault model. Fault propagation moves the resulting signal value, or fault effect, forward by sensitizing a path from the fault site to a primary output._NEWLINE_ATPG can fail to find a test for a particular fault in at least two cases. First, the fault may be intrinsically undetectable, such that no patterns exist that can detect that particular fault. The classic example of this is a redundant circuit, designed such that no single fault causes the output to change. In such a circuit, any single fault will be inherently undetectable._NEWLINE_Second, it is possible that a detection pattern exists, but the algorithm cannot find one.  Since the ATPG problem is NP-complete (by reduction from the Boolean satisfiability problem) there will be cases where patterns exist, but ATPG gives up as it will take too long to find them (assuming P≠NP, of course).
Dr. David Liddle is the foundation's Board Chair and a former technology industry executive and professor of computer science. He also holds the Chair of many boards of directors, including research institutes, in the United States._NEWLINE_Liddle is a partner at the venture capital firm U.S. Venture Partners, and is a co-founder and former CEO of both the Interval Research Corporation and Metaphor Computer Systems, plus  a consulting professor of computer science at Stanford University, credited with heading development of the Xerox Star computer system. He served as an executive at the Xerox Corporation and IBM and currently serves on the board of directors of Inphi Corporation, the New York Times and the B612 Foundation. In January 2012, he also joined the board of directors of SRI International._NEWLINE_Liddle also held the chair of the board of trustees for the Santa Fe Institute, a nonprofit theoretical research center, from 1994–1999, and served on the U.S.'s DARPA Information, Science and Technology Committee. Additionally, he was Chair of the Computer Science and Telecommunications Board of the U.S. National Research Council due to his work on human-computer interface designs. In a field unrelated to the sciences and technology, Liddle is a Senior Fellow of the Royal College of Art in London, England._NEWLINE_His education includes a B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Toledo.
Dr. Piet Hut (b. September 26, 1952, Utrecht, The Netherlands) is a co-founder of the B612 Foundation, one of its strategic advisers, and a Dutch astrophysicist, who divides his time between research in computer simulations of dense stellar systems and broadly interdisciplinary collaborations, ranging from fields in natural science to computer science, cognitive psychology and philosophy.  He is currently Program Head in Interdisciplinary Studies at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, former home to Albert Einstein._NEWLINE_Hut's specialization is in "stellar and planetary dynamics; many of his more than two hundred articles are written in collaboration with colleagues from different fields, ranging from particle physics, geophysics and paleontology to computer science, cognitive psychology and philosophy."  Dr. Hut was an early adviser to Lu and served as a founding member of the B612 Foundation's Board of Directors._NEWLINE_Hut has held positions in a number of faculties, including the Institute for Theoretical Physics, Utrecht University (1977–1978); the Astronomical Institute at the University of Amsterdam (1978–1981); Astronomy Department of the University of California, Berkeley (1984–1985) and in the Institute for Advanced Study, in Princeton, N.J. (1981–present).  He has held honors, functions, fellowships and memberships in almost 150 different professional organizations, universities and conferences, and published over 225 papers and articles in scientific journals and symposiums, including his first in 1976 on "The Two-Body problem with a Decreasing Gravitational Constant". In 2014 he became a strategic adviser to the B612 Foundation._NEWLINE_His education includes an M.Sc. from the University of Utrecht and a double Ph.D. in particle physics and astrophysics from the University of Amsterdam in 1977 and 1981 respectively. He is the namesource for Asteroid 17031 Piethut honoring his work in planetary dynamics and for his co-founding of B612.
BASICODE was an early attempt at creating a standard for the exchange of programs and data across mutually incompatible home computer architectures. It is roughly contemporary to the MSX standard developed by Microsoft, which specified a shared hardware platform in addition to a common BASIC dialect. These computers were sold by multiple companies and directly competed with other popular home computers. MSX was successful mostly in the home markets of the manufacturers, for example Japan, South Korea, the Netherlands and Brasil. Unlike MSX, BASICODE defined no hardware, but a language standard for the programming language BASIC, which was near-ubiquitous in home computers, plus a data format for Compact Cassettes which could be read and written on all computers for which BASICODE was available. As a result, the implementation of BASICODE was exclusively dependent on additional software and thus was not limited to computers by specific manufacturers. The installed base of BASICODE is hard to estimate, because both the Basicoders and the programs written in BASICODE were freely available. There was a Bascoder for nearly every home computer sold during this era. Commercially, BASICODE was of no importance because it was always shared for free._NEWLINE_It must be stated that BASICODE was, by design, unable to use the capabilities of the host computers to their full extent. The language standard defined by BASICODE was the lowest common denominator of all relevant computer systems. This concept was partially abandoned only with BASICODE3/3C, as some computers or computer variants like the ZX80/ZX81 and the KC87 were not capable of graphics and color and the new sections of BASICODE using these capabilities were not usable on them. Especially for applications that relied on timing and graphics or sound, for example video games, BASICODE was clearly inferior to programs written in "native" BASIC or machine code. The strengths of BASICODE were in the areas of application design, education software and data sharing. The BASICODE format was also used for Pascal programs. Pascal was a much more consistent language across systems, but compilers were available only for very few types of home computers._NEWLINE_The underlying concept of BASICODE, which is the definition of a language standard for platform-independent software development and the implementation of said standard as system-specific runtimes (Bascoder) was later revisited in the programming language Java, in the form of the operating system-specific Java Virtual Machines which execute Java programs. Additionally, the distribution of data and information in the BASICODE data format is reminiscent of current platform-agnostic document types like the Portable Document Format (PDF) and the PDF reader applications it necessitates.
1/96 – Peak 1.0 debuts at NAMM Show in Anaheim, CA._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_11/96 – BIAS Introduces Peak LE – entry level stereo editor_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1/97 – SFX Machine 1.0 multi-effects plug-in introduced_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_9/98 – BIAS acquires Deck DAW from Macromedia_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_12/98 – Peak 2.0 introduced – adds DAE, TDM, AudioSuite, QuickTime movie, Premiere plug-in support, and CD burning_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_8/99 – BIAS Brings Peak to BeOS_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1/00 – Peak 2.1 adds ASIO driver support – expands compatibility with third-party audio hardware_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_9/00 – Peak 2.5 introduced – adds VST plug-in support_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1/01 – Deck 2.7 adds ASIO driver support – expands compatibility with third-party audio hardware_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1/01 – BIAS introduces Deck LE – entry level DAW_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_7/01 – BIAS introduces Deck 3.0 – adds real-time VST plug-in support _NEWLINE__NEWLINE_8/01 – Vbox 1.0 effect plug-in routing matrix introduced_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_11/01 – Peak DV 3.0 introduced – first pro audio application for Mac OS X_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1/02 – Peak and Peak LE 3.0 introduced – run on Mac OS 8.6, 9.x, X_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1/02 – BIAS introduces SuperFreq paragraphic equalizer plug-in for Mac OS 8.6, 9.x, X_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_6/02 – BIAS introduces Deck 3.5 – the first professional DAW to run on Mac OS X adds 5.1 surround mixing _NEWLINE__NEWLINE_7/02 – Entire BIAS product line now runs on Mac OS X_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_8/02 – BIAS introduces Vbox 1.1 – runs on Mac OS X and Windows operating systems_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_12/02 – BIAS introduces SoundSoap – runs on Mac OS X and Windows XP operating systems_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_8/03 – Peak 4.0 introduced – adds direct CD burning, Audio Unit support, sample-based ImpulseVerb, and Sqweez compressor plug-in_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_5/04 – SoundSoap Pro introduced – runs on Mac OS X and Windows XP_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_10/04 – SoundSoap 2 introduced – adds Click & Crackle removal, audio enhancement, and Audio Unit/RTAS/DirectX formats, drag and drop file support_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_8/05 – BIAS introduces Peak Pro 5 – adds industry-leading sample rate conversion and graphical waveform view to playlist, DDP export capability_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_9/05 – BIAS introduces Peak Pro XT & Peak LE 5 – XT power bundle includes Peak Pro 5, SoundSoap 2, SoundSoap Pro, and Master Perfection Suite plug-ins_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_6/06 – Peak 5.2 introduced – Universal version runs natively on PPC and Intel-based Macintosh computers_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_11/06 – SoundSoap 2.1 introduced – Universal version runs natively on PPC and Intel-based Macintosh computers_NEWLINE_June 2012 – BIAS Inc. announces that it ceases all operations.
Selected work (with KPMB) includes:_NEWLINE_2018: Chip and Shannon Wilson School of Design, Kwantlen Polytechnic University, Richmond, British Columbia (in joint venture with Public: Architecture + Communication)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2017: Remai Modern, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2017: Global Center for Pluralism, Ottawa, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2017: Kellogg school of Management, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2017: Julis Romo Rabinowitz Building & Louis A. Simpson International Building, Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2016: Bay Adelaide East Tower and Podium, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2015: Pan/Parapan American Games Athletes' Village / Canary District, Toronto, Ontario (Dundee Kilmer Integrated Design Team: joint venture architectsAlliance and KPMB Architects in association with Daoust Lestage Inc., McClennan Jaunkalns Miller Architects)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2015: St. Michael's Cathedral Block Master Plan, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2013: Bridgepoint Active Healthcare, Toronto, Ontario (in joint venture with Stantec Architecture / KPMB Architects, Planning, Design and Compliance Architects, HDR Architecture / Diamond Schmitt Architects, Design, Build, Finance and Maintain Architects)_NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_2013: Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2013: Orchestra Hall Renewal, Minnesota Orchestra, Minneapolis, Minnesota_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2012: George Brown College, Waterfront Campus, Toronto, Ontario (in joint venture with Stantec Architecture)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2012: The Joseph L. Rotman School of Management Expansion, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2011: Vaughan City Hall, Vaughan, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2011: Gluskin Sheff & Associates, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2011: Centre for International Governance Innovation (CIGI) Campus, Waterloo, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2011: The Power Plant Gallery, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2011: Maple Leaf Square (Bremner Blvd), Toronto, Ontario (in joint venture with Page+Steele, architects of record)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2010: TIFF Bell Lightbox and Festival Tower, Toronto, Ontario (in joint venture with Kirkor Architects & Planners, architects of record)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2010: Canadian Museum of Nature, Ottawa Ontario (in joint venture with Barry Padolsky Associates Inc. Architects and Gagnon Letellier Cyr Ricard Mathieu Architectes)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2009: Le Quartier Concordia Phase 2: John Molson School of Business, Concordia University, Montreal, Quebec (in joint venture with Fichten Soiferman et Associés Architectes)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2009: Block 24 E, Railway Lands West (NEO & Montage), Toronto, Ontario (in joint venture with Page + Steele Inc., architect of record)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2009: Manitoba Hydro Place, Winnipeg, Manitoba (in joint venture with Smith Carter Architects & Engineers, Executive Architect; Transsolar, Specialist Energy/Climate Engineer; Prairie Architects Inc., Advocate Architect)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2009: One Bedford Residential Development, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2008: Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH), Phase 1A: Alternate Milieu, Toronto, Ontario (in joint venture with C3 Consortium, Montgomery Sisam Architects Inc. and Kearns Mancini Architects)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2008: SugarCube, Denver, Colorado_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2008: Japanese Canadian Cultural Center, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2007: Ryerson University Master Plan, Toronto, Ontario (in joint venture with Daoust Lestage Inc., Greenberg Consultants Inc. and IBI Group)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2006: Gardiner Museum, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2005: Canada's National Ballet School, Toronto, Ontario (in joint venture with Goldsmith Borgal & Company Ltd. Architects)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2005: Art Gallery of Hamilton, Hamilton, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2005: Le Quartier Concordia Phase 1: Engineering/Computer Science and Visual Arts Complex, Concordia University, Montreal, Quebec (in joint venture with Fichten Soiferman et Associés Architectes)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2005: Canadian Embassy, Berlin, Germany (in joint venture with Gagnon Letellier Cyr, architectes and Smith Carter Architects Engineers)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2004: Japanese Canadian Cultural Centre, Don Mills, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2003: James Stewart Centre for Mathematics, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2003: Centennial College Applied Research and Innovation Centre, Scarborough, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2002: Ravine House, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2001: Jackson-Triggs Niagara Estate Winery, Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2001: Star Alliance Lounge, Zurich, Nagoya and Los Angeles_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2000: Richmond City Hall, Richmond, British Columbia (in joint venture with Hotson Bakker Architects)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2000: Cardinal Ambrozic Houses of Providence, Scarborough, Ontario (in joint venture with Montgomery Sisam Architects)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_2000: Goodman Theatre, Chicago, Illinois, _NEWLINE_1999: Chinese Cultural Centre/Community Complex, Scarborough, Ontario (in joint venture with Patrick T.Y. Chan Architect)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1998: McKee Public School, North York, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1997: Ammirati Puris Lintas, New York City, New York_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1997: Indigo Books and Music, Burlington, Toronto and Kingston, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1996: Grand Valley Institution for Women, Kitchener, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1994: Design Exchange, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1993: Kitchener City Hall, Kitchener, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1991: King James Place, Toronto, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1991: Reisman-Jenkinson Residence, Richmond Hill, Ontario_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_1987: Marc Laurent, Toronto, Ontario
Assume without loss of generality that the support of the distribution of interest, , is contained in .  Given a confidence envelope for , it can be shown  that the CDF within the envelope that minimizes the variance begins on the lower envelope, has a jump discontinuity to the upper envelope, and then continues along the upper envelope.  Further, it can be shown that this variance-minimizing CDF, F', must satisfy the constraint that the jump discontinuity occurs at .  The variance maximizing CDF begins on the upper envelope, horizontally transitions to the lower envelope, then continues along the lower envelope.  Explicit algorithms for calculating these variance-maximizing and minimizing CDFs are given by Romano and Wolf.
The CLEVER search engine incorporates several algorithms that make use of the Web's hyperlink structure for discovering high-quality information. It can be exceedingly difficult to locate resources on the World Wide Web that are both high-quality and relevant to a user's informational needs. Traditional automated search methods for locating information on the Web are easily overwhelmed by low-quality and unrelated content. Second generation search engines have to have effective methods for focusing on the most authoritative documents. The rich structure implicit in hyperlinks among Web documents offers a simple, and effective, means to deal with many of these problems._NEWLINE_Members of the Clever project have come up with a mathematical algorithm that views the Net as simply web pages pointing at each other. It also takes into account the notion of hubs, which point to quality content and link information together, and the idea of authority pages, which are often written by specialists in certain fields._NEWLINE_Bill Cody, senior manager of exploratory data management research at IBM's Almaden Research Center, said: "Web searches provide a lot of information, some good, some bad. But the people providing good hubs usually point to authority pages and authority pages generally know of good hubs. The algorithm enables us to find them and so provide users with quality information rather than the regular list of irrelevant web pages."_NEWLINE_He added that the algorithm had also been used to find Internet based communities using the same principle of finding links between like and like._NEWLINE_It was used to discover 300,000 communities worldwide, only four per cent of which turned out to be spurious. About two thirds of these still existed, he claimed, with about half now appearing on Yahoo as mature communities._NEWLINE_Cody said that the tool could be used for targeted advertising purposes or for enabling users to find out more information about incipient communities, but declined to say whether IBM had plans to turn Clever into a commercial product or not.
Catherine Cole McGeoch is an American computer scientist specializing in empirical algorithmics and heuristics for NP-hard problems.  She is currently Beitzel Professor in Technology and Society at Amherst College. She has been the Editor in Chief of ACM Journal of Experimental Algorithmics and is currently a member of the ACM Publications Board._NEWLINE_McGeoch graduated summa cum laude from Butler University in 1981. She then earned her M.S. (1983) and her Ph.D.(1986) from Carnegie Mellon University, supervised by Jon Bentley.  She is the author of A Guide to Experimental Algorithmics (ISBN 9781107001732) and Adiabatic Quantum Computation_NEWLINE_and Quantum Annealing: Theory and Practice (ISBN 9781627053358)._NEWLINE_In 2013 she published one of the first detailed benchmarks of D-Wave's Quantum Computer versus conventional software. Her work was featured in an Amherst College press release and was subsequently cited in numerous media outlets, including The New York Times, The Economist and The New Yorker. Starting in May 2014 she took a leave of absence from Amherst College to work full-time for D-Wave.
The Christofides algorithm is an algorithm for finding approximate solutions to the travelling salesman problem, on instances where the distances form a metric space (they are symmetric and obey the triangle inequality)._NEWLINE_It is an approximation algorithm that guarantees that its solutions will be within a factor of 3/2 of the optimal solution length, and is named after Nicos Christofides, who published it in 1976. As of 2019, this is the best approximation ratio that has been proven for the traveling salesman problem on general metric spaces, although better approximations are known for some special cases.
The cost of the solution produced by the algorithm is within 3/2 of the optimum._NEWLINE_To prove this, let C be the optimal traveling salesman tour. Removing an edge from C produces a spanning tree, which must have weight at least that of the minimum spanning tree, implying that w(T) ≤ w(C)._NEWLINE_Next, number the vertices of O in cyclic order around C, and partition C into two sets of paths: the ones in which the first path vertex in cyclic order has an odd number and the ones in which the first path vertex has an even number._NEWLINE_Each set of paths corresponds to a perfect matching of O that matches the two endpoints of each path, and the weight of this matching is at most equal to the weight of the paths._NEWLINE_Since these two sets of paths partition the edges of C, one of the two sets has at most half of the weight of C, and thanks to the triangle inequality its corresponding matching has weight that is also at most half the weight of C._NEWLINE_The minimum-weight perfect matching can have no larger weight, so w(M) ≤ w(C)/2._NEWLINE_Adding the weights of T and M gives the weight of the Euler tour, at most 3w(C)/2. Thanks to the triangle inequality, shortcutting does not increase the weight,_NEWLINE_so the weight of the output is also at most 3w(C)/2.
There exist inputs to the travelling salesman problem that cause the Christofides algorithm to find a solution whose approximation ratio is arbitrarily close to 3/2. One such class of _NEWLINE_inputs are formed by a path of n vertices, with the path edges having weight 1, together with a set of edges connecting vertices two steps apart in the path with weight 1 + ε_NEWLINE_for a number ε chosen close to zero but positive. All remaining edges of the complete graph have distances given by the shortest paths in this subgraph._NEWLINE_Then the minimum spanning tree will be given by the path, of length n − 1, and the only two odd vertices will be the path endpoints, whose perfect matching consists of a single edge with weight approximately n/2._NEWLINE_The union of the tree and the matching is a cycle, with no possible shortcuts, and with weight approximately 3n/2. However, the optimal solution uses the edges of weight 1 + ε together with two weight-1 edges incident to the endpoints of the path,_NEWLINE_and has total weight (1 + ε)(n − 2) + 2, close to n for small values of ε. Hence we obtain an approximation ratio of 3/2.
In Bring ‘Em Back Alive, unlike in most other jungle pictures of the time, Elliott kept the camera in the background. Neither the camera nor the cameramen are visible in any of thescenes. The result is an infinitely clearer conception of the clashes between tigers, pythons and crocodiles than had been achieved in previous films. The movie was a huge hit, Elliott's (and Frank Buck's) most successful and popular film._NEWLINE_In The Devil Tiger (1934), Elliott allowed his star, Kane Richmond, to fight a 25 foot python. Richmond hated snakes but hated doubles more, and had insisted. The actor, on his feet, on the ground, on his feet again, succeeded in holding the snake's snapping mouth away from his face, while struggling to free himself from the triple coils around his body. At the height of the struggle, the heroine, Marion Burns, runs in and saves the hero from the python. Ms Burns had to fight the snake too, in order to get at Richmond's pistol, with which she was supposed to dispatch the python. She played her own scene, as well._NEWLINE_In 1935, Elliott was scheduled to visit Mongolia for Columbia Pictures to produce a film called China Roars. He was to be accompanied by one author (Gordon Rigby), two camera men (Carl Berger and Robert Miller), one assistant director, a business manager, a sound man (Zultan Kagel) and one American actor, whom Elliott hoped would be "a cross between Clark Gable and Ronald Colman." The story concerned an American physician and his Chinese aviator friend who decided to fly over the route to India once followed by Marco Polo. They are forced down in the Gobi Desert, taken prisoner by a nomad tribe, finally escape and, after a series of adventures which include a fight with river pirates, return to Shanghai. This movie was never made._NEWLINE_In Booloo (1938) Elliott produced and directed the story of Captain Robert Rogers (Colin Tapley), who organizes a search for a white tiger in the Malayan jungle to clear his father's name._NEWLINE_Elliott was a director (uncredited) of the Frank Buck film Jacaré. To Elliott's great relief, Jacaré was not "doctored" with scenes made at the studio of white girls lost in the jungle, a process, he claimed, by which Paramount had ruined Booloo._NEWLINE_Elliott's last film, Little Trunk (1947), was to have been set partly in Singapore. It was to show the reunion of a planter and his wife a few months after the end of World War II. It then was to quickly move 300 miles north to their rubber estate, on and near which the main action was to unfold. The plot revolved around incidents in the struggle of the couple to restore their war-wrecked plantation to productivity in the face of discouraging odds created by intriguing natives, wild animals and nature's angry moods. This film was never completed._NEWLINE_From 1945–1950, Elliott was editor of the Santa Ana Independent, a weekly newspaper published from 1935–1966.
Poker is a game of imperfect information (because some cards in play are concealed) thus making it difficult for anyone (including a computer) to deduce the final outcome of the hand. Because of this lack of information, the computer's programmers have to implement systems based on the Bayes theorem, Nash equilibrium, Monte Carlo simulation or neural networks, all of which are imperfect techniques._NEWLINE_AIs like PokerSnowie and Claudico have been created by allowing the computer to determine the best possible strategy by letting it play itself an enormous number of times. This seems to be the current approach to poker AI, as opposed to attempting to make a computer that plays like a human. This results in odd bet sizing and a much different strategy than humans are used to seeing._NEWLINE_Methods are being developed to at least approximate perfect poker strategy from the game theory perspective in the heads-up (two player) game, and increasingly good systems are being created for the multi-player game. Perfect strategy has multiple meanings in this context.  From a game-theoretic optimal point of view, a perfect strategy is one that cannot expect to lose to any other player's strategy; however, optimal strategy can vary in the presence of sub-optimal players who have weaknesses that can be exploited. In this case, a perfect strategy would be one that correctly or closely models those weaknesses and takes advantage of them to make a profit, such as those explained above.
Neo Poker Lab is an established science team focused on the research of poker artificial intelligence. For several years it has developed and applied state-of-the-art algorithms and procedures like regret minimization and gradient search equilibrium approximation, decision trees, recursive search methods as well as expert algorithms to solve a variety of problems related to the game of poker.
Accurate specification of reliable, complex systems requires a language that is executable (for enumerative verification) and has formal semantics (to avoid any as language ambiguities that could lead to interpretation divergences between designers and implementors). Formal semantics are also required when it is necessary to establish the correctness of an infinite system; this cannot be done using enumerative techniques because they deal only with finite abstractions, so must be done using theorem proving techniques, which only apply to languages with a formal semantics._NEWLINE_CADP acts on a LOTOS description of the system. LOTOS is an international standard for protocol description (ISO/IEC standard 8807:1989), which combines the concepts of process algebras (in particular CCS and CSP and algebraic abstract data types. Thus, LOTOS can describe both asynchronous concurrent processes and complex data structures._NEWLINE_LOTOS was heavily revised in 2001, leading to the publication of E-LOTOS (Enhanced-Lotos, ISO/IEC standard 15437:2001), which tries to provide a greater expressiveness (for instance, by introducing quantitative time to describe systems with real-time constraints) together with a better user friendliness._NEWLINE_Several tools exist to convert descriptions in other process calculi or intermediate format into LOTOS, so that the CADP tools can then be used for verification.
Dewa Cawu (died April or May 1673) was a prince on the Island of Bali, who possibly reigned as king for a short while in the 1650s. He belonged to a dynasty that claimed descent from the Hindu-Javanese Majapahit Empire, and kept its palace (puri) in Gelgel near Bali's south coast.
In computer science, digital image processing is the use of computer algorithms to perform image processing on digital images. As a subcategory or field of digital signal processing, digital image processing has many advantages over analog image processing. It allows a much wider range of algorithms to be applied to the input data and can avoid problems such as the build-up of noise and signal distortion during processing. Since images are defined over two dimensions (perhaps more) digital image processing may be modeled in the form of multidimensional systems.
An important development in digital image compression technology was the discrete cosine transform (DCT), a lossy compression technique first proposed by Nasir Ahmed in 1972. DCT compression became the basis for JPEG, which was introduced by the Joint Photographic Experts Group in 1992. JPEG compresses images down to much smaller file sizes, and has become the most widely used image file format on the Internet. Its highly efficient DCT compression algorithm was largely responsible for the wide proliferation of digital images and digital photos, with several billion JPEG images produced every day as of 2015.
Electronic signal processing was revolutonized by the wide adoption of MOS technology in the 1970s. MOS integrated circuit technology was the basis for the first single-chip microprocessors and microcontrollers in the early 1970s, and then the first single-chip digital signal processor (DSP) chips in the late 1970s. DSP chips have since been widely used in digital image processing._NEWLINE_The discrete cosine transform (DCT) image compression algorithm has been widely implemented in DSP chips, with many companies developing DSP chips based on DCT technology. DCTs are widely used for encoding, decoding, video coding, audio coding, multiplexing, control signals, signaling, analog-to-digital conversion, formatting luminance and color differences, and color formats such as YUV444 and YUV411. DCTs are also used for encoding operations such as motion estimation, motion compensation, inter-frame prediction, quantization, perceptual weighting, entropy encoding, variable encoding, and motion vectors, and decoding operations such as the inverse operation between different color formats (YIQ, YUV and RGB) for display purposes. DCTs are also commonly used for high-definition television (HDTV) encoder/decoder chips.
Naval Enigma used an Indicator to define a key mechanism, with the key being transmitted along with the ciphertext. The starting position for the rotors was transmitted just before the ciphertext, usually after having been enciphered by Naval Enigma. The exact method used was termed the indicator procedure. A properly self-reciprocal bipartite digraphic encryption algorithm  was used for the super-encipherment of the indicators (German:Spruchschlüssel) with basic wheel settings The Enigma Cipher Keys called Heimische Gewässer (English Codename: Dolphin), (Plaice), Triton (Shark), Niobe (Narwhal) and Sucker all used the Kenngruppenbuch and bigram tables to build up the Indicator. The Indicator was built up as follows:_NEWLINE_Two Trigrams were chosen at random. The first trigraph was taken from the Key Identification Group table (German:Schlüsselkenngruppe), from the Kenngruppenbuch as determined in the Zuteilungsliste. The second trigraph was taken from the encryption indicator group or Process characteristic groups table (German:Verfahrenkenngrupp),also taken from the Kenngruppenbuch and also determined in the Zuteilungsliste._NEWLINE_For example:_NEWLINE_S W Q  -  and R A F,_NEWLINE_and arranged in the scheme:_NEWLINE_∗ S W Q_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_R A F ∗_NEWLINE_with the empty position would be filled in a random letter:_NEWLINE_X S W Q_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_R A F P_NEWLINE_Encipherment with a Bigram table called double-letter conversion table (German:Doppelbuchstabentauschtafel), arranged with vertical pairs, was as follow:_NEWLINE_X-> V  S-> G W-> V Q->X_NEWLINE_R-> I  A-> F F-> T P->T_NEWLINE_which would give_NEWLINE_V G V X_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_I F T T_NEWLINE_This was read out vertically, giving:_NEWLINE_VIGF VTXT_NEWLINE_and this was sent without further encoding, and preceding the encrypted message. The message was sent by Morse and on the receiving end the procedure was reversed. Nine bigram tables were known to exist, including FLUSS or FLUSZ (English:River)). Other bigram booklets existed and were used including BACH (1940), STROM (1941) and TEICH, UFER etc.
In computer science, divide and conquer is an algorithm design paradigm based on multi-branched recursion. A divide-and-conquer algorithm works by recursively breaking down a problem into two or more sub-problems of the same or related type, until these become simple enough to be solved directly. The solutions to the sub-problems are then combined to give a solution to the original problem._NEWLINE_This divide-and-conquer technique is the basis of efficient algorithms for all kinds of problems, such as sorting (e.g., quicksort, merge sort), multiplying large numbers (e.g. the Karatsuba algorithm), finding the closest pair of points, syntactic analysis (e.g., top-down parsers), and computing the discrete Fourier transform (FFT)._NEWLINE_Understanding and designing divide-and-conquer algorithms is a complex skill that requires a good understanding of the nature of the underlying problem to be solved. As when proving a theorem by induction, it is often necessary to replace the original problem with a more general or complicated problem in order to initialize the recursion, and there is no systematic method for finding the proper generalization. These divide-and-conquer complications are seen when optimizing the calculation of a Fibonacci number with efficient double recursion._NEWLINE_The correctness of a divide-and-conquer algorithm is usually proved by mathematical induction, and its computational cost is often determined by solving recurrence relations.
The divide-and-conquer paradigm is often used to find an optimal solution of a problem. Its basic idea is to decompose a given problem into two or more similar, but simpler, subproblems, to solve them in turn, and to compose their solutions to solve the given problem. Problems of sufficient simplicity are solved directly. _NEWLINE_For example, to sort a given list of n natural numbers, split it into two lists of about n/2 numbers each, sort each of them in turn, and interleave both results appropriately to obtain the sorted version of the given list (see the picture). This approach is known as the merge sort algorithm._NEWLINE_The name "divide and conquer" is sometimes applied to algorithms that reduce each problem to only one sub-problem, such as the binary search algorithm for finding a record in a sorted list (or its analog in numerical computing, the bisection algorithm for root finding).  These algorithms can be implemented more efficiently than general divide-and-conquer algorithms; in particular, if they use tail recursion, they can be converted into simple loops.  Under this broad definition, however, every algorithm that uses recursion or loops could be regarded as a "divide-and-conquer algorithm".  Therefore, some authors consider that the name "divide and conquer" should be used only when each problem may generate two or more subproblems. The name decrease and conquer has been proposed instead for the single-subproblem class._NEWLINE_An important application of divide and conquer is in optimization, where if the search space is reduced ("pruned") by a constant factor at each step, the overall algorithm has the same asymptotic complexity as the pruning step, with the constant depending on the pruning factor (by summing the geometric series); this is known as prune and search.
Early examples of these algorithms are primarily decrease and conquer – the original problem is successively broken down into single subproblems, and indeed can be solved iteratively._NEWLINE_Binary search, a decrease-and-conquer algorithm where the subproblems are of roughly half the original size, has a long history. While a clear description of the algorithm on computers appeared in 1946 in an article by John Mauchly, the idea of using a sorted list of items to facilitate searching dates back at least as far as Babylonia in 200 BC. Another ancient decrease-and-conquer algorithm is the Euclidean algorithm to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers by reducing the numbers to smaller and smaller equivalent subproblems, which dates to several centuries BC._NEWLINE_An early example of a divide-and-conquer algorithm with multiple subproblems is Gauss's 1805 description of what is now called the Cooley–Tukey fast Fourier transform (FFT) algorithm, although he did not analyze its operation count quantitatively, and FFTs did not become widespread until they were rediscovered over a century later._NEWLINE_An early two-subproblem D&C algorithm that was specifically developed for computers and properly analyzed is the merge sort algorithm, invented by John von Neumann in 1945._NEWLINE_Another notable example is the algorithm invented by Anatolii A. Karatsuba in 1960 that could multiply two n-digit numbers in  operations (in Big O notation). This algorithm disproved Andrey Kolmogorov's 1956 conjecture that  operations would be required for that task._NEWLINE_As another example of a divide-and-conquer algorithm that did not originally involve computers, Donald Knuth gives the method a post office typically uses to route mail: letters are sorted into separate bags for different geographical areas, each of these bags is itself sorted into batches for smaller sub-regions, and so on until they are delivered. This is related to a radix sort, described for punch-card sorting machines as early as 1929.
The divide-and-conquer paradigm often helps in the discovery of efficient algorithms.  It was the key, for example, to Karatsuba's fast multiplication method, the quicksort and mergesort algorithms, the Strassen algorithm for matrix multiplication, and fast Fourier transforms._NEWLINE_In all these examples, the D&C approach led to an improvement in the asymptotic cost of the solution._NEWLINE_For example, if (a) the base cases have constant-bounded size, the work of splitting the problem and combining the partial solutions is proportional to the problem's size n, and (b) there is a bounded number p of subproblems of size ~ n/p at each stage, then the cost of the divide-and-conquer algorithm will be O(n logₚn).
Divide-and-conquer algorithms naturally tend to make efficient use of memory caches. The reason is that once a sub-problem is small enough, it and all its sub-problems can, in principle, be solved within the cache, without accessing the slower main memory. An algorithm designed to exploit the cache in this way is called cache-oblivious, because it does not contain the cache size as an explicit parameter._NEWLINE_Moreover, D&C algorithms can be designed for important algorithms (e.g., sorting, FFTs, and matrix multiplication) to be optimal cache-oblivious algorithms–they use the cache in a probably optimal way, in an asymptotic sense, regardless of the cache size. In contrast, the traditional approach to exploiting the cache is blocking, as in loop nest optimization, where the problem is explicitly divided into chunks of the appropriate size—this can also use the cache optimally, but only when the algorithm is tuned for the specific cache size(s) of a particular machine._NEWLINE_The same advantage exists with regards to other hierarchical storage systems, such as NUMA or virtual memory, as well as for multiple levels of cache: once a sub-problem is small enough, it can be solved within a given level of the hierarchy, without accessing the higher (slower) levels.
In computations with rounded arithmetic, e.g. with floating-point numbers, a divide-and-conquer algorithm may yield more accurate results than a superficially equivalent iterative method. For example, one can add N numbers either by a simple loop that adds each datum to a single variable, or by a D&C algorithm called pairwise summation that breaks the data set into two halves, recursively computes the sum of each half, and then adds the two sums.  While the second method performs the same number of additions as the first, and pays the overhead of the recursive calls, it is usually more accurate.
Divide-and-conquer algorithms are naturally implemented as recursive procedures. In that case, the partial sub-problems leading to the one currently being solved are automatically stored in the procedure call stack. A recursive function is a function that calls itself within its definition.
Divide-and-conquer algorithms can also be implemented by a non-recursive program that stores the partial sub-problems in some explicit data structure, such as a stack, queue, or priority queue.  This approach allows more freedom in the choice of the sub-problem that is to be solved next, a feature that is important in some applications — e.g. in breadth-first recursion and the branch-and-bound method for function optimization. This approach is also the standard solution in programming languages that do not provide support for recursive procedures.
In recursive implementations of D&C algorithms, one must make sure that there is sufficient memory allocated for the recursion stack, otherwise the execution may fail because of stack overflow.  D&C algorithms that are time-efficient often have relatively small recursion depth.  For example, the quicksort algorithm can be implemented so that it never requires more than  nested recursive calls to  sort  items._NEWLINE_Stack overflow may be difficult to avoid when using recursive procedures, since many compilers assume that the recursion stack is a contiguous area of memory, and some allocate a fixed amount of space for it.  Compilers may also save more information in the recursion stack than is strictly necessary, such as return address, unchanging parameters, and the internal variables of the procedure.  Thus, the risk of stack overflow can be reduced by minimizing the parameters and internal variables of the recursive procedure or by using an explicit stack structure.
In any recursive algorithm, there is considerable freedom in the choice of the base cases, the small subproblems that are solved directly in order to terminate the recursion._NEWLINE_Choosing the smallest or simplest possible base cases is more elegant and usually leads to simpler programs, because there are fewer cases to consider and they are easier to solve.  For example, an FFT algorithm could stop the recursion when the input is a single sample, and the quicksort list-sorting algorithm could stop when the input is the empty list; in both examples there is only one base case to consider, and it requires no processing._NEWLINE_On the other hand, efficiency often improves if the recursion is stopped at relatively large base cases, and these are solved non-recursively, resulting in a hybrid algorithm. This strategy avoids the overhead of recursive calls that do little or no work, and may also allow the use of specialized non-recursive algorithms that, for those base cases, are more efficient than explicit recursion. A general procedure for a simple hybrid recursive algorithm is short-circuiting the base case, also known as arm's-length recursion. In this case whether the next step will result in the base case is checked before the function call, avoiding an unnecessary function call. For example, in a tree, rather than recursing to a child node and then checking whether it is null, checking null before recursing; this avoids half the function calls in some algorithms on binary trees. Since a D&C algorithm eventually reduces each problem or sub-problem instance to a large number of base instances, these often dominate the overall cost of the algorithm, especially when the splitting/joining overhead is low. Note that these considerations do not depend on whether recursion is implemented by the compiler or by an explicit stack._NEWLINE_Thus, for example, many library implementations of quicksort will switch to a simple loop-based insertion sort (or similar) algorithm once the number of items to be sorted is sufficiently small.  Note that, if the empty list were the only base case, sorting a list with n entries would entail maximally n quicksort calls that would do nothing but return immediately.  Increasing the base cases to lists of size 2 or less will eliminate most of those do-nothing calls, and more generally a base case larger than 2 is typically used to reduce the fraction of time spent in function-call overhead or stack manipulation._NEWLINE_Alternatively, one can employ large base cases that still use a divide-and-conquer algorithm, but implement the algorithm for predetermined set of fixed sizes where the algorithm can be completely unrolled into code that has no recursion, loops, or conditionals (related to the technique of partial evaluation).  For example, this approach is used in some efficient FFT implementations, where the base cases are unrolled implementations of divide-and-conquer FFT algorithms for a set of fixed sizes.  Source-code generation methods may be used to produce the large number of separate base cases desirable to implement this strategy efficiently._NEWLINE_The generalized version of this idea is known as recursion "unrolling" or "coarsening", and various techniques have been proposed for automating the procedure of enlarging the base case.
For some problems, the branched recursion may end up evaluating the same sub-problem many times over.  In such cases it may be worth identifying and saving the solutions to these overlapping subproblems, a technique commonly known as memoization.  Followed to the limit, it leads to bottom-up divide-and-conquer algorithms such as dynamic programming and chart parsing.
Domain theory is a   branch of mathematics that studies special kinds of partially ordered sets (posets) commonly called domains. Consequently, domain theory can be considered as a branch of order theory. The field has major applications in computer science, where it is used to specify denotational semantics, especially for functional programming languages. Domain theory formalizes the intuitive ideas of approximation and convergence in a very general way and has close relations to topology. _NEWLINE_An alternative important approach to denotational semantics in computer science is that of metric spaces.
Cutting holds a bachelor's degree from Stanford University._NEWLINE_Prior to developing Lucene, Cutting held search technology positions at Xerox PARC where he worked on the Scatter/Gather algorithm and on computational stylistics. He also worked at Excite, where he was one of the chief designers of the search engine, and Apple Inc., where he was the primary author of the V-Twin text search framework.
In December 2004, Google Research published a paper on the MapReduce algorithm, which allows very large scale computations to be trivially parallelized across large clusters of servers. Cutting and Mike Cafarella, realizing the importance of this paper to extending Lucene into the realm of extremely large search problems, created the open-source Hadoop framework that allows applications based on the MapReduce paradigm to be run on large clusters of commodity hardware. Cutting was an employee of Yahoo!, where he led the Hadoop project full-time. He later went on to work for Cloudera.
A certain family of BCH codes have a particularly useful property, which is that_NEWLINE_treated as linear operators, their dual operators turns their input into an -wise independent source.  That is, the set of vectors from the input vector space are mapped to an -wise independent source.  The proof of this fact below as the following Lemma and Corollary is useful in derandomizing the algorithm for a -approximation to MAXEkSAT.
The process is transparent to the casual user, who can simply install the software as a screensaver.  Alternatively, the user may become more involved with the project, manually creating a fractal flame file for upload to the server where it is rendered into a video file of the animated fractal flame.  As the screensaver entertains the user, their computer is also used for rendering commercial projects, sales of which keep the servers and developers running._NEWLINE_There are about 500,000 active users (monthly uniques)._NEWLINE_According to Mitchell Whitelaw in his Metacreation: Art and Artificial Life, "On the screen they are luminous, twisting, elastic shapes, abstract tangles and loops of glowing filaments."_NEWLINE_The name "Electric Sheep" is taken from the title of Philip K. Dick's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?.  The title mirrors the nature of the project: computers (androids) who have started running the screensaver begin rendering (dreaming) the fractal movies (sheep)._NEWLINE_The sheep motif is carried over into other aspects of the project: the 100 or so sheep stored on the server at any time is referred to as 'the flock'; creating a new fractal by interpolating or combining the sheep's fractal code with that of another sheep is called mating/breeding; changes to the code are called mutations, etc._NEWLINE_The parameters that generate these movies (sheep) can be created in a few ways: they can be created and submitted by members of the electricsheep mailing list, members of the mailing list can download the parameters of existing sheep and tweak them, or sheep can be mated together automatically by the server or manually by server admins (nicknamed shepherds)._NEWLINE_Users may vote on sheep that they like or dislike, and this voting is used for the genetic algorithm which generates new sheep. Each movie is a fractal flame with several of its parameters animated. The individual frames of which these movies consist are rendered using 'spare' processing cycles from idle computers on the distributed network of those running the screensaver application, and finished sheep (in the form of .avi files) are distributed to the network._NEWLINE_The computer-generated sheep parameters and movies are distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution Noncommercial (CC-BY-NC) license; user-generated sheep parameters are under the Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) license. Both are automatically downloaded by the screen saver. The underlying copyright issues raised by generative, distributed digital art projects involve novel legal issues that the current copyright system can not understand or handle._NEWLINE_The screensaver was created  and released as free software by Scott Draves in 1999 and continues to be developed by him and a team of about five engineers._NEWLINE_The 2.7.x series differs from the old versions. It has a new logo, higher quality sheep and other features. It has switched to a freemium model in which the server software is not available and much of the computed data is not available under a free license, which led to its removal from Debian.
The rich vegetation in the villus attract large numbers of herbivores and aves and supports a higher annual biomass than any other form of habitat within the accelerated Mahaweli development project area. The flood plains are abundant in supply of water and grasslands and therefore is an important habitat for elephant (Elephas maximus). In 2007 the estimated elephant population of the park was around 50-100. Other frequently seen mammals are fishing cat felis viverrinus, jungle cat Felis chaus, rusty-spotted cat felis rubiginosa, jackal Canis aureus, wild boar Sus scrofa, Indian muntjac Muntiacus muntjak, sambar Cervix unicolor, spotted deer C. axis, and water buffalo Bubalus bubalis. European otter Lutra lutra, Sri Lankan spotted chevrotain Moschiola meminna, and leopard Panthera pardus are also have been recorded from the park. Flood Plains National Park is one of the recorded habitats of grey slender loris Loris lydekkerianus._NEWLINE_The flood plains are especially important for the diversity and richness of their avifauna, particularly migrant birds. The rare species lesser adjutant Leptoptilos javanicus and variety of other species inhabit the floodplains. It has been estimated that around 75 species winter in the swamps of the flood plains. Frequently seen residents are marsh sandpiper Tringa stagnatilis, wood sandpiper T. glareola, Asiatic golden plover Pluvialis dominica, garganey Anas querquedula, osprey Pandion haliaetus, and black-tailed godwit Limosa limosa. Common residents are eastern large egret Egreta alba, cattle egret Bubulcus ibis, Painted stork Ibis leucocephala, pond heron Ardeola grayii, eastern grey heron Ardea cinerea, pheasant-tailed jacana Hydrophasianus chirurgus, purple coot Porphyrio porphyrio, Indian darter Anhinga rufa, little cormorant Phalacrocorax niger, Indian shag P. fuscicollis, Indian cormorant P. carbo sinensis, brahminy kite Haliastur indus, painted snipe Rostratula benghalensis, black-winged stilt Himantopus himantopus, and red-wattled lapwing Vanellus indicus._NEWLINE_The freshwater fish are dominated by exotic species (i.e. Oreochromis spp., Osphronemus goramy) and also endemic species such as Esomus thermoicos, Garra ceylonensis, Schistura notostigma also have been recorded from the park. Important fish species of the villus are climbing perch Anabas testudineus, snakeheads Ophiocephalus stratus and O. parulius, Labeo sp., branded etroplus Etroplus suratensis, butter catfish Ompok bimaculatus and the introduced tilapia Tilapia mossambica. The marshy habitat harbors a large population of reptiles including natricine watersnakes, mugger crocodile Crocodylus palustris, and estuarine crocodile Crocodylus porosus. Indian black turtle Melanochelys trijuga and Indian flap-shelled turtle Lissemys punctata are the other aquatic reptiles reported.
G.hn uses the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) encryption algorithm (with a 128-bit key length) using the CCMP protocol to ensure confidentiality and message integrity. Authentication and key exchange is done following ITU-T Recommendation X.1035._NEWLINE_G.hn specifies point-to-point security inside a domain, which means that each pair of transmitter and receiver uses a unique encryption key which is not shared by other devices in the same domain. For example, if node Alice sends data to node Bob, node Eve (in the same domain as Alice and Bob) will not be able to easily eavesdrop their communication._NEWLINE_G.hn supports the concept of relays, in which one device can receive a message from one node and deliver it to another node farther away in the same domain. Relaying becomes critical for applications with complex network topologies that need to cover large distances, such as those found in industrial or utility applications. While a relay can read the source and target addresses, it cannot read the message's content due to its body being end-to-end-encrypted.
Though GObject has its own separate set of documentation and is usually compiled into its own shared library file, the source code for GObject resides in the GLib source tree and is distributed along with GLib.  For this reason, GObject uses the GLib version numbers and is typically packaged together with GLib (for example, Debian puts GObject in its libglib2.0 package family).
The combination of C and GObject is used in many successful free software projects, such as the GNOME desktop, the GTK+ toolkit and the GIMP image manipulation program._NEWLINE_Though many GObject applications are written entirely in C, the GObject system maps well into the native object systems of many other languages, like C++, Java, Ruby, Python, Common Lisp, and .NET/Mono.  As a result, it is usually relatively painless to create language bindings for well-written libraries that use the GObject framework._NEWLINE_Writing GObject code in C in the first place, however, is relatively verbose. The library takes a good deal of time to learn, and programmers with experience in high-level object-oriented languages often find it somewhat tedious to work with GObject in C. For example, creating a subclass (even just a subclass of GObject) can require writing and/or copying large amounts of boilerplate code.  However, using Vala, a language that is designed primarily to work with GObject and which converts to C, is likely to make working with GObject or writing GObject based libraries nicer._NEWLINE_Although they are not really first-class objects (there are no actual metatypes in GType), metaobjects like classes and interfaces are created by GObject applications at runtime, and provide good support for introspection.  The introspective_NEWLINE_capabilities are used by language bindings and user interface design applications like Glade to allow doing things like loading a shared library that provides a GObject class—usually some kind of widget, in the case of Glade—and then obtain a list of all properties of the class, complete with type information and documentation_NEWLINE_strings.
Aul taught himself to program Borland C++ while working. After it had been 2 years, Aul hadn’t managed to save much money, and was starting to feel like his dream of art school was dead. A regular customer of Aul's said “Gabe, you should apply for a job at Microsoft, you’d love it.” Aul was 19 at the time and was offered the job on the day of his 20th birthday.
Two monthly ezines, GliderTech and The Cockpit were published between 1995 and 1997 during Glider PRO's heyday. GliderTech published editorials, house reviews, house building tips and each issue was accompanied by a house or two with some examples of obstacles or techniques that could be used in house creation._NEWLINE_In 2006, Mark Arenz teamed up with Calhoun to construct a version of Glider PRO built in Adobe Flash._NEWLINE_On 20 June 2014, a version of Glider for OS X 10.7 or later, was released on the Mac App Store. This version is also available for the iPhone and iPad as Glider Classic. Both are from Soft Dorothy LLC._NEWLINE_On 27 Jan 2016, the source code, graphics, and sound data for Glider PRO were released on GitHub with the source code being licensed under the GNU General Public License v2.
Tenedos commissioned later in 1919, joining the 4th Destroyer Flotilla of the Atlantic Fleet._NEWLINE_On 7 February 1936, the Daunt Rock lightship broke free from her moorings near Cork Harbour. Attempts by Tenedos to take the drifting lightship under tow were unsuccessful, and the crew of the lightship were eventually rescued by the Ballycotton lifeboat. Tenedos was transferred to the China Station (as the Royal Navy's forces in the West Pacific, Singapore and China were known), going into reserve at Singapore in March 1938._NEWLINE_In August 1939, Tenedos, along with sister ships Scout, Thanet and Thracian, formed a local defence flotilla at Hong Kong. On 24 August 1939 Tenedos and Scout left Hong Kong for Singapore. When the two destroyers arrived at Singapore on 28 August, they were quickly converted to minelayers, which involved removal of one 4 inch gun and the torpedo tubes to accommodate 40 mines. The two destroyers laid a defensive minefield of 544 mines off Singapore between 4 and 8 September 1939, after which Scout was returned to normal destroyer configuration, while Tenedos continued on minelaying duties, with two more minefields being laid off Singapore by October 1939. Two merchant ships, Høegh Transporter and Sirdhana, were sunk by these minefields in October–November 1939. Tenedos then had her normal destroyer armament refitted.  On 23 March 1940, the Royal Navy formed Malaya Force, with the intention of preventing German merchant ships from leaving harbours in the Dutch East Indies. Tenedos, along with Stronghold was assigned to patrol off Sabang, where five German ships were trapped. The German merchant ships were seized by the Dutch following the German invasion of the Netherlands in May 1940._NEWLINE_Tenedos was still based at Singapore on 2 December when the battleship Prince of Wales and the battlecruiser Repulse arrived. On 5 December, Repulse left Singapore for a visit to Darwin, Australia, with Tenedos and HMAS Vampire, but they were recalled on 6 December when two large Japanese convoys were spotted by an RAF aircraft. Early on 8 December Japanese bombers attacked Singapore, and later that day, Force Z, comprising Price of Wales and Repulse, escorted by the destroyers Electra, Express, Vampire and Tenedos set out to attack the Japanese invasion fleets. At about 18:30 hr on 9 December, Tenedos, now short of fuel, was released from Force Z, and set out to return to Singapore, with orders to make radio contact with base at 08:00 the next morning telling Singapore of the planned course of Force Z, while the main fleet maintained radio silence. Force Z made two major course changes after Tenedos left, turning south for Singapore at 20:15 on 9 December and then, at 00:52 on 10 December, heading towards Kuantan on the East coast of Malaya to investigate reports of Japanese landings. The predicted course broadcast by Tenedos therefore did not match Force Z's actual course, preventing any attempts to provide air cover over Force Z. Tenedos was attacked by 9 Mitsubishi G3M bombers searching for Force Z between 09:50 and 10:20 on 10 December but was undamaged. Force Z itself came under heavy Japanese air attack from 11:13, with both Prince of Wales  and Repulse sunk by Japanese bombs and torpedoes by 13:20 hr._NEWLINE_After the loss of the capital ships Tenedos, along with other British and Allied warships at Singapore, was employed in escorting shipping between Singapore and the Sunda Strait. Tenedos and the Australian cruiser Hobart left Singapore, threatened by advancing Japanese forces, for Batavia on 2 February. On 3 February, the two ships rescued survivors from the merchant ship Norah Muller, which had been sunk by Japanese bombers in the Bangka Strait, Tenedos picking up 13 and Hobart 57. In late February 1942, Japanese forces prepared to invade Java. Vice Admiral Conrad Helfrich, commander of Allied naval forces in the Dutch East Indies, ordered Tenedos, together with the cruisers Hobart, Danae and Dragon and the destroyer Scout, forming the Allied Western Force, to sail from  Batavia towards Bangka Island and Belitung in search of Japanese forces, while most of the rest of the available forces in the region were sent to reinforce Rear Admiral Karel Doorman's squadron. When Doorman's force was defeated at the Battle of the Java Sea on 27 February, the Western Force, including Tenedos, escaped through the Sunda Strait to Ceylon (now Sri Lanka), picking up refugees from Padang on 1 March, and reaching Colombo between 5 and 6 March._NEWLINE_In April 1942, the Japanese launched a raid into the Indian Ocean by its fast carrier forces. A RCAF Catalina flying boat spotted the Japanese fleet 350 miles south-east of Ceylon on 4 April and radioed a sighting report before being shot down. Thus warned, all shipping in Colombo and Trincomalee harbours was ordered to leave port and disperse to avoid the impending Japanese attack. Tenedos, however, was under repair in Colombo harbour and unable to leave, and was sunk with the loss of 33 officers and men by Japanese bombers when they attacked on 5 April.  The wreck was removed in February 1944 by HM salvage vessel Salviking.
The goal of the HandyLinux project is to provide a "stable" Debian-based OS for the elderly, novices and people seeking freedom and full functionality on a user-friendly desktop. HandyLinux is an official Debian derivative with a simple and clear graphical user interface called the HandyMenu._NEWLINE_It features built-in tools that facilitate the handling of home computing._NEWLINE_Documentation teaches users desktop navigation and helps them to learn the HandyLinux distribution. Prospective users are encouraged to browse the HandyLinux online forum and ask questions about the operating system.
HandyLinux can be installed on any modern computer, with a processor Pentium 4 or higher and 512 MB of RAM, and the system requires 3.7 GB of available hard drive storage._NEWLINE_The distribution can be run as either of  two "live" versions, live CD (handylinuxlight) or live USB, to sample the prepackaged software and test its compatibility with the installed hardware. Alternatively it can be installed on a netbook equipped with at least 4 GB memory on computers built before 2005 (handylinux i486 non pae) and on computers built from 2005 onward (handylinux I686-PAE)._NEWLINE_If they choose, users can "remove castors", i.e., remove the default HandyMenu and substitute the classical menu of the Xfce desktop environment, add software packages, and customize the look and feel of the distribution after becoming more experienced with the OS by reading the documentation._NEWLINE_All the software needed for a functional desktop is included in the disk image, and an Internet connection is not necessary to install the program bundle prepackaged  for the HandyLinux operating system.
Decompression in the context of diving derives from the reduction in ambient pressure experienced by the diver during the ascent at the end of a dive or hyperbaric exposure and refers to both the reduction in pressure and the process of allowing dissolved inert gases to be eliminated from the tissues during this reduction in pressure._NEWLINE_When a diver descends in the water column the ambient pressure rises. Breathing gas is supplied at the same pressure as the surrounding water, and some of this gas dissolves into the diver's blood and other tissues. Inert gas continues to be taken up until the gas dissolved in the diver is in a state of equilibrium with the breathing gas in the diver's lungs, (see: "Saturation diving"), or the diver moves up in the water column and reduces the ambient pressure of the breathing gas until the inert gases dissolved in the tissues are at a higher concentration than the equilibrium state, and start diffusing out again. Dissolved inert gases such as nitrogen or helium can form bubbles in the blood and tissues of the diver if the partial pressures of the dissolved gases in the diver gets too high when compared to the ambient pressure. These bubbles, and products of injury caused by the bubbles, can cause damage to tissues known as decompression sickness or the bends. The immediate goal of controlled decompression is to avoid development of symptoms of bubble formation in the tissues of the diver, and the long-term goal is to also avoid complications due to sub-clinical decompression injury._NEWLINE_The symptoms of decompression sickness are known to be caused by damage resulting from the formation and growth of bubbles of inert gas within the tissues and by blockage of arterial blood supply to tissues by gas bubbles and other emboli consequential to bubble formation and tissue damage. The precise mechanisms of bubble formation and the damage they cause has been the subject of medical research for a considerable time and several hypotheses have been advanced and tested. Tables and algorithms for predicting the outcome of decompression schedules for specified hyperbaric exposures have been proposed, tested, and used, and usually found to be of some use but not entirely reliable. Decompression remains a procedure with some risk, but this has been reduced and is generally considered to be acceptable for dives within the well-tested range of commercial, military and recreational diving._NEWLINE_The first recorded experimental work related to decompression was conducted by Robert Boyle, who subjected experimental animals to reduced ambient pressure by use of a primitive vacuum pump. In the earliest experiments the subjects died from asphyxiation, but in later experiments, signs of what was later to become known as decompression sickness were observed. Later, when technological advances allowed the use of pressurisation of mines and caissons to exclude water ingress, miners were observed to present symptoms of what would become known as caisson disease, the bends, and decompression sickness. Once it was recognized that the symptoms were caused by gas bubbles, and that recompression could relieve the symptoms, further work showed that it was possible to avoid symptoms by slow decompression, and subsequently various theoretical models have been derived to predict low-risk decompression profiles and treatment of decompression sickness.
Early decompression theory generally assumed that inert gas bubble formation in the tissues could be avoided during decompression, and the aim of the decompression tables and algorithms was to prevent bubble formation while minimising decompression time. Most dissolved phase models are perfusion limited, and differ mainly by the number of compartments, the range of half-times, and supersaturation tolerances assumed. These models are commonly referred to as Haldanean.
The use of simple symmetrical exponential gas kinetics models has shown up the need for a model that would give slower tissue washout. In the early 1980s the US Navy Experimental Diving Unit developed an algorithm using a decompression model with exponential gas absorption as in the usual Haldanian model, but a slower linear release during ascent. The effect of adding linear kinetics to the exponential model is to lengthen the duration of risk accumulation for a given compartment time constant_NEWLINE_The model was originally developed for programming decompression computers for constant oxygen partial pressure closed circuit rebreathers. Initial experimental diving using an exponential-exponential algorithm resulted in an unacceptable incidence of DCS, so a change was made to a model using the linear release model, with a reduction in DCS incidence._NEWLINE_The same principles were applied to developing an algorithm and tables for a constant oxygen partial pressure model for heliox diving_NEWLINE_The linear component is active when the tissue pressure exceeds ambient pressure by a given amount specific to the tissue compartment. When the tissue pressure drops below this cross-over criterion the tissue is modelled by exponential kinetics. During gas uptake, tissue pressure never exceeds ambient, so it is always modelled by exponential kinetics. This results in a model with the desired asymmetrical characteristics of slower washout than uptake._NEWLINE_The linear/exponential transition is smooth. Choice of cross-over pressure determines the slope of the linear region as equal to the slope of the exponential region at the cross-over point._NEWLINE_During the development of these algorithms and tables, it was recognized that a successful algorithm could be used to replace the existing collection of incompatible tables for various air and Nitrox diving modes currently in the U.S. Navy Diving Manual with a set of mutually compatible decompression tables based on a single model, which was proposed by Gerth and Doolette in 2007. This has been done in Revision 6 of the US Navy Diving Manual published in 2008, though some changes were made._NEWLINE_An independent implementation of the EL-Real Time Algorithm was developed by Cochran Consulting, Inc. for the diver-carried Navy Dive Computer_NEWLINE_under the guidance of E. D. Thalmann.
Decompression models and algorithms developed for binary mixtures of nitrogen and oxygen can not be used for gases containing significant amounts of other diluent gases without modification to take into account the different solubilities and diffusion constants of the alternative or added diluents. It is also highly desirable to test any such modifications, to make sure the schedules produced by them are acceptably safe.
The history of the Church–Turing thesis ("thesis") involves the history of the development of the study of the nature of functions whose values are effectively calculable; or, in more modern terms, functions whose values are algorithmically computable. It is an important topic in modern mathematical theory and computer science, particularly associated with the work of Alonzo Church and Alan Turing._NEWLINE_The debate and discovery of the meaning of "computation" and "recursion" has been long and contentious.  This article provides detail of that debate and discovery from Peano's axioms in 1889 through recent discussion of the meaning of "axiom".
Hubert Zimmermann (1941 – November 9, 2012) was a French software engineer and a pioneer of computer networking._NEWLINE_Zimmermann was educated at École Polytechnique and École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications. _NEWLINE_His career began at Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et Automatique (INRIA) in Rocquencourt from 1972 through 1979,  where he led research into what became ChorusOS series of distributed operating systems._NEWLINE_In 1977, he was an early member of the International Organization for Standardization as it developed the Open Systems Interconnection protocols._NEWLINE_He then worked for France Télécom in 1980 through 1986._NEWLINE_He developed and promoted the OSI reference model which became a popular way to describe network protocols, and published a paper on the model in 1980 and one with John Day in 1983._NEWLINE_He founded Chorus systems in 1987, purchased by Sun Microsystems in 1997, where he was director of telecom software engineering for 5 years. Then he invested in entrepreneurial high-tech companies such as Arbor Venture Management, Boost Your StartUp, Gingko Networks and UDcast._NEWLINE_In 1991, Zimmermann was awarded the SIGCOMM Award for "20 years of leadership in the development of computer networking and the advancement of international standardization"._NEWLINE_A 2011 article in the Anecdotes section of IEEE Annals of the History of Computing documents his view of the early history of the Internet protocol suite._NEWLINE_On 9 November 2012, Zimmermann died in France.
Hugh Jones was the son of a Texas oil millionaire and inherited the company Republic Oil & Gas after his father’s death._NEWLINE_With Jones's awareness and approval, Republic Oil's Simon Krieger arranged the murders of Howard Stark and Maria Stark. Jones and executives Krieger, John T. Gamelin and Jonas Hale attempted the takeover of Stark Industries. They used surreptitious purchases of Stark stock and the use of superhuman agents Saboteur and the Dogs of War. Following Krieger's arrest, Hale had Krieger killed in jail. To help separate the company from Krieger, the Republic Oil executives oversaw the company's change to the identity of the Roxxon Energy Corporation._NEWLINE_An ex-lover of Jones tried to shoot him, but either missed or wounded him._NEWLINE_Jones later attended the premiere of the Captain America movie at the Strand Theatre in New York. Jones was kidnapped by the Serpent Squad (consisting of Viper, Eel, Cobra and Princess Python). The rebel Atlantean Warlord Krang had recovered and delivered the Serpent Crown to Viper. Jones immediately fell under the mental control of Set as he instructs all Roxxon workers to cooperate with any demands. The Serpent Squad then took Jones to a central Pacific Ocean oil derrick where Jones followed Krang's instructions to pump water underneath the sunken city of Lemuria in an attempt to raise the city. The police, along with Nomad and Namor the Sub-Mariner, interrupted the Serpent Squad's plan, however, and Krang reclaimed the Serpent Crown and fled. Jones then reversed the process that was to raise Lemuria._NEWLINE_Jones voluntarily maintained a link to Set in the Serpent Crown's absence. Set informs Jones of Nomad's identity. Jones then sent men to recover the Serpent's Crown. Jones later sent a message about the Red Skull's location that this paid his debt of Nomad rescuing him from Warlord Krang and the Serpent Squad. Once he recovered it, he began wearing it invisibly._NEWLINE_With the power of Set, he was able to make psychic contact with a group of businessmen called the Serpent Cartel, acolytes of Set from the alternate universe known as Earth-S. This Earth is where the superhero group the Squadron Supreme resides, and that universe's version of the Serpent Crown has managed to gain control of the minds of many of the leaders of America's largest corporations and even that alternate America's President Nelson Rockefeller._NEWLINE_Following Roxxon's purchase of the Brand Corporation, Jones was at the Brand Corporation facility in Jamaica, Queens. When the Avengers broke into a Brand Corporation facility during their investigation, Jones used an interdimensional transporter to bring the Squadron Supreme to his Earth and they captured the Avengers. When the Avengers escaped, the superhero team and the Squadron Supreme were sent back to Earth-S with the interdimensional transporter when the police came to investigate. After deceiving and dismissing the police investigators, Jones used the Serpent's Crown to speak to Nelson Rockefeller. When the Avengers again invaded the Brand Corporation facility, Rockefeller informed Jones that the Avengers have overthrown him. Jones sent Orka against the Avengers where he defeated some of them until Orka was defeated by Thor and Moondragon. Jones ordered the execution of the other Avengers, but they escaped and Jones was captured._NEWLINE_Using Brand Corporation and Roxxon Energy Corporation's facilities, Jones fashioned his own superpowered serpent for a Serpent Squad to retrieve a second Serpent's Crown which the Avengers brought back from Earth-S and dropped into the Pacific Ocean. Jones was given the Serpent's Crown of Earth-S by Sidewinder (who retrieved it upon being hired by Jones). Upon wearing both Serpent Crowns, Jones gained a scaly appearance and used these powers to assume complete control over the residents of Washington DC for the purpose of putting them under Set's control. Jones allowed the Thing, Stingray and the Scarlet Witch to enter unopposed so that he can control them and then created versions of the Serpent Crown's recent previous wearers to fight the threesome. While simultaneously fighting Scarlet Witch and Thing physically, Jones was surprised when Scarlet Witch capitulated and Thing took advantage of Jones's memory disorientation to wrench the Serpent Crown from Jones's head._NEWLINE_Following his traumatic separation from the Serpent Crown, Jones was driven insane and was hospitalized in a mental hospital. He was succeeded as Roxxon president by Gamelin (the Vice President of Foreign Operations) and would eventually be succeeded by other men.
Since Blueworks Live is a web application, it can be accessed from any workstation with Internet connectivity and a web browser, regardless of the operating system._NEWLINE_Some of the basic features are also accessible through a mobile phone. Browsers currently supported include Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.
Many codes and nomenclatural systems originate within a small namespace. Over the years, some of them bleed into larger namespaces (as people interact in ways they formerly hadn't, e.g., cross-border trade, scientific collaboration, military alliance, and general cultural interconnection or assimilation). When such dissemination happens, the limitations of the original naming convention, which had formerly been latent and moot, become painfully apparent, often necessitating retronymy, synonymity, translation/transcoding, and so on. Such limitations generally accompany the shift away from the original context to the broader one. Typically the system shows implicit context (context was formerly assumed, and narrow), lack of capacity (e.g., low number  of possible IDs, reflecting the outmoded narrow context), lack of extensibility (no features defined and reserved against future needs), and lack of specificity and disambiguating capability (related to the context shift, where longstanding uniqueness encounters novel nonuniqueness). Within computer science, this problem is called naming collision. The story of the origination and expansion of the CODEN system provides a good case example in a recent-decades, technical-nomenclature context. The capitalization variations seen with specific designators reveals an instance of this problem occurring in natural languages, where the proper noun/common noun distinction (and its complications) must be dealt with. A universe in which every object had a UID would not need any namespaces, which is to say that it would constitute one gigantic namespace; but human minds could never keep track of, or semantically interrelate, so many UIDs.
The pit viper has a pair of infrared sensory pits on its head. There is uncertainty regarding the exact thermal sensitivity of this biological infrared detection system._NEWLINE_Other organisms that have thermoreceptive organs are pythons (family Pythonidae), some boas (family Boidae), the Common Vampire Bat (Desmodus rotundus), a variety of jewel beetles (Melanophila acuminata), darkly pigmented butterflies (Pachliopta aristolochiae and Troides rhadamantus plateni), and possibly blood-sucking bugs (Triatoma infestans)._NEWLINE_Some fungi like Venturia inaequalis require near-infrared light for ejection_NEWLINE_Although near-infrared vision (780–1000 nm) has long been deemed impossible due to noise in visual pigments, sensation of near-infrared light was reported in the common carp and in three cichlid species. Fish use NIR to capture prey and for phototactic swimming orientation. NIR sensation in fish may be relevant under poor lighting conditions during twilight and in turbid surface waters.
The park preserves the last remaining stand of old-growth forests in the province of Misamis Oriental. It is home to century-old trees consisting of talisay gubat (Elacocarpus monecera combretaccae) as well as molave, narra and teak, which serve as a habitat of some rare bird species such as the green imperial pigeon, native dove, emerald dove, serpent-eagle, Philippine megapode, Philippine sparrowhawk, Steere's pitta, Philippine hanging parrot and Little slaty flycatcher. Other species documented in the park include flying lemur, king spider, splitnose bat, monitor lizard, and rare priority species like the Philippine python, Philippine long-tailed macaque and the Philippine tarsier._NEWLINE_Finfish identified in the marine park include the Blacktipped sardine, striped sea catfish, flying fish, red squirrelfish, Australasian snapper, soldierfish, Papuan trevally, lapu-lapu, butterflyfish, wrasse, parrotfish, surgeonfish, Indian mackerel, triggerfish, tree-bar porcupinefish and flounder.
Tony Stark is an inventive genius whose expertise in the fields of mathematics, physics, chemistry, and computer science rivals that of Reed Richards, Hank Pym, and Bruce Banner, and his expertise in electrical engineering and mechanical engineering surpasses even theirs. He is regarded as one of the most intelligent characters in the Marvel Universe. He graduated with advanced degrees in physics and engineering at the age of 17 from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and further developed his knowledge ranging from artificial intelligence to quantum mechanics as time progressed. His expertise extends to his ingenuity in dealing with difficult situations, such as difficult foes and deathtraps, in which he is capable of using available tools, including his suit, in unorthodox but effective ways. He is well respected in the business world, able to command people's attention when he speaks on economic matters, having over the years built up several multimillion-dollar companies from virtually nothing. He is noted for the loyalty he commands from and returns to those who work for him, as well as for his business ethics. Thus he immediately fired an employee who made profitable, but illegal, sales to Doctor Doom. He strives to be environmentally responsible in his businesses._NEWLINE_At a time when Stark was unable to use his armor for a period, he received some combat training from Captain America and has become physically formidable on his own when the situation demands it. In addition, Stark possesses great business and political acumen. On multiple occasions he reacquired control of his companies after losing them amid corporate takeovers._NEWLINE_Due to his membership in the Illuminati, Iron Man was given the Space Infinity Gem to safeguard.  It allows the user to exist in any location (or all locations), move any object anywhere throughout the universe and warp or rearrange space.
In mathematics, an iterated function is a function X → X (that is, a function from some set X to itself) which is obtained  by composing another function f : X → X with itself a certain number of times. The process of repeatedly applying the same function is called iteration. In this process, starting from some initial number, the result of applying a given function is fed again in the function as input, and this process is repeated._NEWLINE_Iterated functions are objects of study in computer science, fractals,  dynamical systems, mathematics and renormalization group physics.
The language provides an extensive API that gives programmers control over nearly every aspect of the game world. It can, for example, execute simple GUI functions such as giving orders to units, changing the weather and time of day, playing sounds and displaying text to the player, and manipulating the terrain. JASS can also create powerful functions such as trackables, which detect if a mouse goes over or hits a position, GetLocalPlayer(), which can cause disconnects if used improperly (such as using handles with GetLocalPlayer() ).  It has a syntax similar to Turing and Delphi, but unlike those languages, it is case sensitive. JASS primarily uses procedural programming concepts, though popular user-made modifications to Blizzard's World Editor program have since added C++-like object-oriented programming features to the syntax of JASS.
vJass is a set of user-made extensions to JASS. It introduces object-oriented programming features to the language, such as structs, encapsulation, and polymorphism. Strictly speaking, vJass does not add anything to the JASS library but instead mostly uses JASS arrays and integers used as their indices. The extension relies on a custom-made compiler that compiles vJass code to strict JASS code. In this manner, no additional mods for either the World Editor program or Warcraft III are required, and maps made using vJass code are fully compatible with any copy of the game, even those without the compiler._NEWLINE_Originally the most convenient tool to use vJASS was Jass NewGen Pack (JNGP) however JNGP suffered from lack of maintenance leaving it incompatible with newer Warcraft III versions. JNGP was superseded by World Editor Extended (WEX) but work on WEX stopped also leaving it incompatible with newer Warcraft III versions. JassHelper is now part of Warcraft III allowing vJASS to be used without any third party tools.
It is possible to exploit the I/O capabilities of the Preload JASS native (Commonly used to preload files during initialization to prevent in-game lag) to indirectly run code on a computer having certain builds of the Windows Operating System via writing batch files to the Startup folder. This exploit is rather limited however, as it requires a path, which is impossible to retrieve since reading environment variables is impossible. Despite the limitations, it is possible to use the Preload native along with its corresponding natives such as PreloadGenEnd to write files to a player's computer._NEWLINE_The preload exploit was made secure and is now an officially supported feature of Warcraft III. Files written using the preload exploit are stored in the user folder Documents\Warcraft III\CustomMapData (Windows) where they cannot cause any harm. The preload exploit is now commonly used by custom maps for more convenient persistent save/load systems._NEWLINE_Sample code_NEWLINE_The following function creates an empty file in redist\miles folder. This used to interfere with Warcraft III program files making Warcraft III error when next run._NEWLINE_function Trig_JASS_testPreloadExploit_Actions takes nothing returns nothing_NEWLINE_    call PreloadGenEnd(".\\redist\\miles\\Mp3enc.asi")_NEWLINE_endfunction...
Loe was in the original British cast of the rock musical Hair. In 1970 she made her debut on British television and her first role was in the ITV Thames television programme Ace of Wands broadcast 1970–72 as Lillian 'Lillu' Palmer. Following this Loe made guest appearances on other shows such as Z-Cars, Dixon of Dock Green, Man at the Top, Armchair Theatre and ITV Playhouse. _NEWLINE_In 1973 Loe was cast in the role of Alice Lee in a short-lived BBC Television programme Woodstock, which only lasted for a single five-episode series. The same year she gave birth to actress Kate Beckinsale and in 1974 took time off acting to look after her then baby daughter. In 1975 after a couple months off, Loe appeared in the role of Princess May in the ATV drama series Edward the Seventh (1975)._NEWLINE_Following this Loe began making guest appearances in comedies such as Ripping Yarns, Robin's Nest, The Upchat Line and Miss Jones and Son. In 1978 Loe appeared in an episode of the television drama Crown Court shortly before landing the role of Dr Helen Sanders in the final two series of the television drama General Hospital playing the role from 1978 until 1979._NEWLINE_In 1980 Loe appeared in one episode each of Heartland and The Gentle Touch before appearing in two episodes of Sunday Night Thriller and three episodes of When the Boat Comes In (1981). She also made a brief appearance as a nurse in Monty Python's The Meaning of Life (1983). In 1984, Loe starred as the abandoned house wife Allison in a six-part BBC1 serial called Missing from Home by Roger Marshall and directed by Douglas Camfield, the final episodes of which won the TV charts for those weeks. Loe continued to make guest appearances in drama programmes up to 1985 shortly before landing the role of Diane in the television programme Yesterday's Dreams in 1987. In 1988 Loe gained the role of Pamela in the Yorkshire Television sitcom Singles with Roger Rees; this was the first sitcom which Loe had ever starred in and this lasted three series until 1991. In 1990 she took a regular role in The Chief, playing Dr Elizabeth Stafford from 1990 to 1993. In 1993 she played the love interest/suspect in "Death is Now My Neighbour", an Inspector Morse episode._NEWLINE_In 1998 she played Commander Kathryn MacTiernan in Space Island One._NEWLINE_Between 2001 and 2002 she played Jan Goddard in Casualty and its spin off Holby City from 2002 to 2003. In 2009 Loe appeared in the medical drama Doctors._NEWLINE_According to the filmmakers' commentary for Underworld: Awakening, Judy Loe, mother of Kate Beckinsale (who portrays Selene), cameos as a Vampiress, a member of Thomas's Coven, who is shown briefly, after Thomas starts speaking in English, but before Olivia, the Coven's doctor arrives.
In October 2011, Ludia announced a partnership with Universal Pictures to produce a park-building video game titled Jurassic Park: The Social Game. The game was to be released for Facebook and for mobile devices via the App Store, with a scheduled release in early 2012. The game was ultimately released as Jurassic Park Builder._NEWLINE_In North America, the game was released for the iOS operating system on July 23, 2012, accompanied by a simultaneous release on Facebook. A version was also released for the Android operating system. In the United Kingdom, the game was released through the App Store in October 2012. In December 2012, the game was updated to include aquatic creatures and to fix software bugs.
Bateman was born in Rye, New York, US, to Victoria Elizabeth, a former flight attendant for Pan American World Airways who was originally from the United Kingdom, and Kent Bateman. She is the sister of actor Jason Bateman._NEWLINE_She attended Taft High School in Woodland Hills, California. However, Bateman could not attend college due to her contractual obligations with Family Ties. Bateman stated that she was informed by the series' line producer Carol Himes, "You're under contract to Paramount Studios." Bateman later earned her Computer Science and Digital Media Management degree from UCLA in 2016.
The Kabsch algorithm, named after Wolfgang Kabsch, is a method for calculating the optimal rotation matrix that minimizes the RMSD (root mean squared deviation) between two paired sets of points. It is useful in graphics, cheminformatics to compare molecular structures, and also bioinformatics for comparing protein structures (in particular, see root-mean-square deviation (bioinformatics))._NEWLINE_The algorithm only computes the rotation matrix, but it also requires the computation of a translation vector. When both the translation and rotation are actually performed, the algorithm is sometimes called partial Procrustes superimposition (see also orthogonal Procrustes problem).
Gaiji (外字, literally "external characters") are kanji that are not represented in existing Japanese encoding systems. These include variant forms of common kanji that need to be represented alongside the more conventional glyph in reference works, and can include non-kanji symbols as well._NEWLINE_Gaiji can be either user-defined characters or system-specific characters. Both are a problem for information interchange, as the code point used to represent an external character will not be consistent from one computer or operating system to another._NEWLINE_Gaiji were nominally prohibited in JIS X 0208-1997, and JIS X 0213-2000 used the range of code-points previously allocated to gaiji, making them completely unusable. Nevertheless, they persist today with NTT DoCoMo's "i-mode" service, where they are used for emoji (pictorial characters)._NEWLINE_Unicode allows for optional encoding of gaiji in private use areas, while Adobe's SING (Smart INdependent Glyphlets) technology allows the creation of customized gaiji._NEWLINE_The Text Encoding Initiative uses a <g> element to encode any non-standard character or glyph, including gaiji. (The g stands for "gaiji")
The iteration mark (々) is used to indicate that the preceding kanji is to be repeated, functioning similarly to a ditto mark in English. It is pronounced as though the kanji were written twice in a row, for example iroiro (色々, "various") and tokidoki (時々, "sometimes"). This mark also appears in personal and place names, as in the surname Sasaki (佐々木). This symbol is a simplified version of the kanji 仝, a variant of dō (同, "same")._NEWLINE_Another abbreviated symbol is ヶ, in appearance a small katakana "ke", but actually a simplified version of the kanji 箇, a general counter. It is pronounced "ka" when used to indicate quantity (such as 六ヶ月, rokkagetsu "six months") or "ga" in place names like Kasumigaseki (霞ヶ関)._NEWLINE_The way how these symbols may be produced on a computer depends on the operating system. In OS X, typing「じおくり」will reveal the symbol 々 as well as ヽ, ゝ and ゞ. To produce 〻, type 「おどりじ」. Under Windows, typing「くりかえし」will reveal some of these symbols, while in Google IME,「おどりじ」may be used.
Hinton's own work equally favoured Goodson's career. Following her second American tour and a brief spell back in London, Hinton was invited to go to Australia to conduct the music exams for its Royal Schools of Music and a tour there was arranged for Goodson. Despite some trepidation on her part – noting that both Paderewski and pianist María Teresa Carreño had recently toured there, while their peer Mark Hambourg was halfway through his third Australian tour – she was greeted with enthusiasm._NEWLINE_A third American tour immediately followed where her appearances included working with the conductors Vasily Safonov and Ossip Gabrilowitsch. With violinist Bronisław Huberman and cellist Felix Salmond she contributed to the Beethoven Association concerts, raising funds for the association's publication of Thayer's Life of Beethoven._NEWLINE_It was after her fourth American tour that Goodson furthered her horizons with a tour of Jamaica in early 1915. Critical acclaim was again poured on her, although it was a night encounter at Parson Green's Mission House in a roofless room that perhaps made the greater impression on Goodson. She wrote: “We had ten rat-bats in our room that night, innumerable lizards on the walls and mosquitoes ad infinitum. We wrapped our heads in scarves, but I can truthfully say I do not think I lost consciousness for five minutes during that longest night I have ever spent, for it was a succession of swoops, and creeps, and bites! Ugh!”_NEWLINE_Goodson spent much of 1916 in North America, performing at fundraising concerts for the Red Cross and Canadian prisoners of war. In all, her international career took her to North America over a total of seven separate tours, including two world tours that she shared with the Australian soprano Dame Nellie Melba. She also toured Java and Sumatra and developed a presence in the Nordic region with a tour of Norway, Sweden and Finland._NEWLINE_In May 1918 Goodson claimed to become the first woman to give a recital at the Albert Hall, London, playing a Chopin programme on behalf of the Kensington War Hospital Supply Depot. The Pall Mall Gazette noted: “Her reception was extraordinarily enthusiastic and the stage was literally inundated with bouquets.”
Dylan was born on July 22, 2004. he was a contestant in Season 4 of Voice Kids France. he participated in the Kids United and Friends tour before joining Kids United, Nouvelle Generation. he was a part of the album Sardou et nous where he sang "La Java de Broadway" and "En Chantant" with Lou, Nemo Schifman and Angie Robba.
Under Maharaja Krishnaraja III and his successors – Chamaraja X, Krishnaraja IV and the last ruler, Jayachamaraja, the Mysore court came to be the largest and most renowned patron of music. While the Tanjore and Travancore courts also extended great patronage and emphasised preservation of the art, the unique combination of royal patronage of individual musicians, founding of music schools to kindle public interest and a patronage of European music publishers and producers set Mysore apart. Maharaja Krishnaraja III, himself a musician and musicologist of merit, composed a number of javalis (light lyrics) and devotional songs in Kannada under the title Anubhava pancharatna. His compositions bear the nom de plume (mudra) "Chamundi'" or '"Chamundeshwari'", in honour of the Wodeyar family deity. His successor Chamaraja X founded the Oriental Library in 1891 to house music books and also commissioned phonograph recordings of several musicians for the palace library._NEWLINE_Under Krishnaraja IV, art received further patronage. A distinct school of music which gave importance to raga and bhava evolved. The Royal School of Music founded at the palace helped institutionalise teaching of the art. Carnatic compositions were printed and the European staff notation came to be employed by royal musicians. Western music was also encouraged – Margaret Cousins' piano concerto with the Palace Orchestra marked the celebrations of Beethoven's centenary in Bangalore. Maharaja Jayachamaraja, also a renowned composer of Carnatic kritis (a musical composition), sponsored a series of recordings of Russian composer Nikolas Medtner and others. The court ensured that Carnatic music also kept up with the times. Gramophone recordings of the palace band were made and sold commercially. Attention was paid to "technology of the concert". Lavish sums were spent on acquiring various instruments including the unconventional horn violin, theremin and calliaphone, a mechanical music player._NEWLINE_The Mysore court was home to several renowned experts (vidwan) of the time. Veena Sheshanna, a court musician during the rule of Maharaja Chamaraja X, is considered one of the greatest exponents of the veena. His achievements in classical music won Mysore a premier place in the art of instrumental Carnatic music and he was given the honorific Vainika Shikhamani by Maharaja Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV. Mysore Vasudevacharya was a noted musician and composer in Sanskrit and Telugu from Mysore. He holds the unique distinction of being patronised by four generations of Mysore kings and rulers and for being court musician to three of them. H.L. Muthiah Bhagavatar was another musician-composer who adorned the Mysore court. Considered one of the most important composers of the post-Tyagaraja period, he is credited with about 400 compositions in Sanskrit, Kannada, Telugu and Tamil under the pen name "Harikesha". Among violinists, T. Chowdiah emerged as one of the most accomplished exponents of the time. He is known to have mastered the seven-stringed violin. Chowdiah was appointed court musician by Maharaja Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV in 1939 and received such titles as "Sangeeta Ratna" and "Sangeeta Kalanidhi". He is credited with compositions in Kannada, Telugu and Sanskrit under the pen name "Trimakuta".
She holds a Bachelors in Engineering [2010] and a Masters in Advanced Computer Science from University of St Andrews [2011]. At the age of 21, Sharma was elected as a Rajiv Gandhi Science Fellow for her work in energy optimisation and its applications in astrophysics, material science, polymer and bioinformatics research.  In 2010, Google awarded her the Google India Women in Engineering Award for excellence in computer science and demonstrated leadership in promoting diversity. She was awarded a Systers Pass It On award by Anita Borg Institute for her work in educational outreach for girls in Rajasthan.
In September 2011, Sharma joined Barclays where she joined a product management team of technology innovations such as Pingit mobile payments app. Pingit won the App Store Best of 2012. She was later appointed Head of Big Data and Advanced Analytics at Barclays Africa where she led a team of data scientists and created  products using open-source real-time analytics. Her group focused on using machine learning to make user engagement with financial services intelligent and personalised. During this time, she also mentored fintech and healthcare startups in Africa and drove Open Data Collaboration across industries._NEWLINE_In February 2016, Sharma joined the UK’s largest software group Sage to lead mobile products for more than 6 million businesses globally. On 26 July 2016 Sharma and Stephen Kelly, chief executive officer of Sage, launched Pegg, the world’s first personal artificial intelligence for business finance. Within six weeks of launch, the chatbot was being used by people in 85 countries. Sharma also announced a partnership between Sage and Slack to create conversational workplace._NEWLINE_She led a global research at Sage on the new generation of entrepreneurs in July 2016. The report revealed insights about young entrepreneurs. It also highlighted the need to change policy to enable businesses of today._NEWLINE_In November 2018, Sharma launched rAInbow, a digital companion for the victims of domestic violence in South Africa with Josina Machel, an activist and Nelson Mandela's step daughter, supported by Sage Foundation and Soul City Institute of Social Justice.
Giles has been associated with the computer science or electrical engineering departments at Princeton University, the University of Pennsylvania, Columbia University, the University of Pisa, the University of Trento and the University of Maryland, College Park. Previous positions were at NEC Research Institute (now NEC Labs), Princeton, NJ; Air Force Research Laboratory; and the United States Naval Research Laboratory. He is best known for his work on the creation of novel scientific and academic search engines and digital libraries and is considered by some one of the founders of academic document search. Earlier research was concerned with recurrent neural networks and optical computing._NEWLINE_His research interests are in intelligent web and cyberinfrastructure tools, search engines and information retrieval, digital libraries, web services, knowledge and information management and extraction, machine learning, and information and data mining. He has created several vertical search engines in these areas. He has over 300 publications with some in Nature, Science and the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. His research is well cited with an h-index over 90 according to Google Scholar and nearly 38,000 total citations as evidenced in CiteSeerX, ISI and Google Scholar. Most of his papers author his name as C. Lee Giles or C.L. Giles.
Giles is a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), and International Neural Networks Society, INNS. He also received the Gabor Award from the International Neural Network Society recognizing achievements in engineering/applications in neural networks.  Most recently he received the 2018 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Computational Intelligence Society (CIS) Neural Networks Pioneer Award and the 2018 National Federation of Advanced Information Services (NFAIS) Miles Conrad Award._NEWLINE_He has twice received the IBM Distinguished Faculty Award.
Giles' work on neural networks showed that fundamental computational structures such as regular grammars and finite state machines could be theoretically represented in recurrent neural networks. Another contribution was the Neural Network Pushdown Automata. Some of these publications are cited as early work in "deep" learning.
Boddy was appointed a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Bath. Boddy subsequently joined Cardiff University in 1983, where she worked on antagonistic interactions, mycelia and fungal communities. Fungal communities impact the decay rate of wood. She studied how neural networks could be used to analyse flow cytometry data from phytoplankton. She is interested in how fungi fight with each other as they investigate the forest floor. Boddy identified that fungi battle each other by producing inhibitory chemicals that can be transmitted through the air, equivalent to the poisonous gas produced during World War I.  Her research on fighting fungi was featured in New Scientist._NEWLINE_Boddy leads the Fungal Ecology Group at Cardiff University. She looked at the decomposition of coarse woody debris. Boddy has studied the role of fungi in carbon and nutrient cycling. Boddy has studied priority effects during the establishment of fungal communities in wood. She found that abiotic variables impact the fungal interactions of beech wood, and that fungal combative abilities were sensitive to the ambient temperature. She demonstrated that differences in the abiotic factors between sites can cause variation in the impact of priority effects in wood decay communities. In 2008 Boddy argued in The Guardian that fungi were humankind's most invaluable species. She claims that without fungi, land-based ecosystems, including humans, would not exist.
In South Korea, the Master of Engineering, which takes a minimum of two years, is a postgraduate program that follows the undergraduate of four years. It is commonly awarded for specializations in the field of engineering rather than the science. For example, the degree "master of science in computer science" differs from the degree "master of engineering in computer science" in that the latter one is mainly concentrated on the applicability of the design with strong relation with the hardware rather than the software. Generally, the Master of Engineering program includes both coursework and research.
FIIT STU Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET) accreditation for two master degree study programs: Intelligent Software Systems (combined fields of study Software Engineering - major and Artificial Intelligence - secondary) and Internet Technologies (in the field of study Computing Engineering); three bachelor degree study programs and two doctoral degree study programs._NEWLINE_FEI STU engineering Institute of Electrical Engineering (IEE) accreditation
The MEng is one of a number of integrated master's degrees introduced in the UK since the late 20th century, the other major degree introduced being MSci (Master in Science). Some universities, however, have chosen to award subject specific integrated master's degrees, in subjects such as Mathematics (MMath), Computer Science (MCompSci), Physics (MPhys), Chemistry (MChem) and Biology (MBiol).
The first step is identifying and tracking features. A feature is a specific point in the image that a tracking algorithm can lock onto and follow through multiple frames (SynthEyes calls them blips). Often features are selected because they are bright/dark spots, edges or corners depending on the particular tracking algorithm. Popular programs use template matching based on NCC score and RMS error.  What is important is that each feature represents a specific point on the surface of a real object. As a feature is tracked it becomes a series of two-dimensional coordinates that represent the position of the feature across a series of frames. This series is referred to as a "track". Once tracks have been created they can be used immediately for 2D motion tracking, or then be used to calculate 3D information.
There are two methods by which motion information can be extracted from an image. Interactive tracking, sometimes referred to as "supervised tracking", relies on the user to follow features through a scene.  Automatic tracking relies on computer algorithms to identify and track features through a shot. The tracked points movements are then used to calculate a "solution".  This solution is composed of all the camera's information such as the motion, focal length, and lens distortion._NEWLINE_The advantage of automatic tracking is that the computer can create many points faster than a human can. A large number of points can be analyzed with statistics to determine the most reliable data. The disadvantage of automatic tracking is that, depending on the algorithm, the computer can be easily confused as it tracks objects through the scene.  Automatic tracking methods are particularly ineffective in shots involving fast camera motion such as that seen with hand-held camera work and in shots with repetitive subject matter like small tiles or any sort of regular pattern where one area is not very distinct. This tracking method also suffers when a shot contains a large amount of motion blur, making the small details it needs harder to distinguish._NEWLINE_The advantage of interactive tracking is that a human user can follow features through an entire scene and will not be confused by features that are not rigid. A human user can also determine where features are in a shot that suffers from motion blur; it is extremely difficult for an automatic tracker to correctly find features with high amounts of motion blur. The disadvantage of interactive tracking is that the user will inevitably introduce small errors as they follow objects through the scene, which can lead to what is called "drift"._NEWLINE_Professional-level motion tracking is usually achieved using a combination of interactive and automatic techniques. An artist can remove points that are clearly anomalous and use "tracking mattes" to block confusing information out of the automatic tracking process. Tracking mattes are also employed to cover areas of the shot which contain moving elements such as an actor or a spinning ceiling fan.
A tracking matte is similar in concept to a garbage matte used in traveling matte compositing. However, the purpose of a tracking matte is to prevent tracking algorithms from using unreliable, irrelevant, or non-rigid tracking points. For example, in a scene where an actor walks in front of a background, the tracking artist will want to use only the background to track the camera through the scene, knowing that motion of the actor will throw off the calculations. In this case, the artist will construct a tracking matte to follow the actor through the scene, blocking that information from the tracking process.
Since there are often multiple possible solutions to the calibration process and a significant amount of error can accumulate, the final step to match moving often involves refining the solution by hand. This could mean altering the camera motion itself or giving hints to the calibration mechanism. This interactive calibration is referred to as "refining"._NEWLINE_Most match moving applications are based on similar algorithms for tracking and calibration. Often, the initial results obtained are similar. However, each program has different refining capabilities.
The most important channel is a state-run one (Apsua TV), which is broadcast up to 6 hours a day, with 15-minute news in Abkhaz and Russian. It is the only local channel available all over the country. Abaza TV, the only private station, reaches only Sukhumi and its environs. It is owned by Beslan Butba and supported him during the 2009 presidential elections. Another private channel, Sukhum-TV existed in the capital in 2006, there are local TV stations in Gagra and Tkvarcheli._NEWLINE_Russian channels, such as Channel One, Russia 1, NTV and Kultura, are available throughout Abkhazia. There is an access to Georgian TV in some parts of Abkhazia as well._NEWLINE_On 25 January 2016, Prime Minister Artur Mikvabia released, upon her request, Emma Khojava from the post of General Director of the Abkhazian State TV and Radio, and appointed Roland Bganba as her temporary replacement. On 29 January, former Culture Minister Leonid Enik was appointed as the new General Director.
In diving the absolute pressure is used in most computations, particularly for decompression and breathing gas consumption but depth is measured by way of hydrostatic pressure. In metric units the ambient pressure is usually measured in metres sea water (msw}, and converted to bar for calculations. In US customary units ambient pressure is normally measured in feet of sea water (fsw), and converted to atmospheres absolute or pounds per square inch absolute (psia) for decompression computation. Feet and metres sea water are convenient measures which approximate closely to depth and are intuitively simple to grasp for the diver, compared to the options of more conventional units of pressure which give no direct indication of depth. The distinction between gauge and absolute pressure is important for calculation of gas properties and pressure must be identified as either gauge or absolute. Gauge pressure in msw or fsw is converted to absolute pressure in bar or atm for decompression and gas consumption calculation, but decompression tables are usually provided ready for use directly with the gauge pressure in msw and fsw. Depth gauges and dive computers with readouts calibrated in feet and metres are actually displaying a pressure measurement, usually in feet or metres sea water, as most diving is done in the sea. If ambient pressure in fresh water and hyperbaric chambers is measured in feet and metres sea water, the same decompression algorithms and tables can be used, which eliminates the need to use calibration factors when diving in these environments.
Microsoft Phoenix defines an intermediate representation (IR) for programs, using ASTs, control flow graphs, and an exception handling model. For any program to be handled by Phoenix, it needs to be converted to this representation. The specification for these file type-specific converters, called file readers in Phoenix terminology, is also specified. Phoenix comes included with readers for Portable Executable binary files, CIL and the output of the Visual C++ front-end. Readers for other languages can be written using the Phoenix SDK, though separate tools such as lex and yacc need to be used to write the lexer and parser, respectively._NEWLINE_Once the program has been converted to the IR, the analysis and optimization tools can operate on that form. Phoenix includes a selection of tools – including block counting, memory analysis, code coverage, code analysis and optimization. The Phoenix SDK can be used to write and plug-in other tools as well. Code generation is handled by providing architecture-specific (either physical architecture of the processor or a virtual machine architecture) file writers. Phoenix provides the c2.dll compiler backend, which it shares with Visual C++, to handle analysis, optimization and code generation for the x86 architecture. Writers for other architectures must be provided separately. _NEWLINE_As a result of the modular architecture, any component can be replaced without affecting the rest of the system. For example, to target the compiler to a different architecture, only the file writer specific to the architecture needs to be changed, keeping the rest of the stack unchanged. To create a compiler for a new language, only the readers need to be provided.
The MSR should be located after the EFI System Partition (ESP) and any OEM service partitions, but it must be located before any primary partitions of bootable Windows operating systems. Microsoft expects an MSR to be present on every GPT disk, and recommends it to be created as the disk is initially partitioned.
Milind Soman and his then-girlfriend, Madhu Sapre, an ex-Miss India and model, attracted controversy in India, when the pair posed nude in a print ad for Tuffs Shoes. The social service branch of the Mumbai police had registered a case in August 1995 after Sapre and Soman posed in the nude, wearing only shoes and a python wrapped around them. Another case was filed under the Wildlife Protection Act against the advertising agency for illegal use of the python. The accused include the publishers and distributors of two magazines that featured the controversial ad, the advertising agency, the two models and the photographers.  The case lasted for 14 years, after which the courts acquitted the accused.
Netsky is a prolific family of computer worms which affect Microsoft Windows operating systems. The first variant appeared on Monday, February 16, 2004. The "B" variant was the first family member to find its way into mass distribution. It appeared on Wednesday, February 18, 2004. 18-year-old Sven Jaschan of Germany confessed to having written these, and other worms, such as Sasser. _NEWLINE_Although individual functions vary widely from virus to virus, the Netsky family perhaps is most famous for comments contained within the code of its variants insulting the authors of the Bagle and Mydoom worm families and, in some cases, routines that removed versions of these viruses. The "war" as it was referred to in the media caused a steady increase in the number of variant viruses produced in these families. As of June 2004, Bagle had approximately 28, Netsky approximately 29, and MyDoom approximately 10._NEWLINE_Other symptoms of Netsky included beeping sounds on specified dates, usually in the morning hours._NEWLINE_The worm was sent out as an e-mail, enticing recipients to open an attachment. Once opened, the attached program would scan the computer for e-mail addresses and e-mail itself to all addresses found._NEWLINE_Until October 2006, the P variant of this virus remained the most prevalent virus being sent in e-mail throughout the world, despite being over two and a half years old. It was surpassed by a variant from the Stration malware family in November 2006.
Oakleigh stands on (part of the formerly more-than four acres of) land granted to the High Sheriff of NSW, Thomas Macquoid by Crown grant in 1839. His residence, "Goderich Lodge" was designed by architect John Verge and sited at the top of William Street, at the crossing of Darlinghurst Road and Victoria Street, where the famous "Coca Cola" billboard sign is today. Goderich Lodge was designed by architect John Verge for Macquoid and situated near what is now the corner of Bayswater Road and Penny Lane. Born in Ireland, Macquoid came to Australia in 1829, following a period in Java, where he produced coffee crops for the East India Company, as well as a tenure as Sheriff of India. The 1832 mansion house was named after F. J. Robinson, 1st Viscount Goderich, the then Secretary of State for War and the Colonies, who was also the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom for a brief period._NEWLINE_Macquoid arrived in Australia full of optimism for his new role in a new colony, but very soon had slunk into depression. His first major issue was with his new job, which he believed did not have the appropriate status for such an important position. His office was also understaffed and overwhelmed with work. Litigation and bankruptcy proceedings were rife and there were over 700 summonses to be served. To worsen things, Macquoid was also suffering financially after investing in a large farming property in the Tuggeranong Valley, near the future city of Canberra, which he named Waniassa. The country had been hit by drought, while the colony was also in financial collapse. Unable to cope, Macquoid committed suicide in October, 1841, leaving his son Thomas Hyam to deal with his mounting debts._NEWLINE_Goderich Lodge was sold at auction two months after Macquoid's death and in the years that followed was rented by the First Bishop of Australia, Dr William Broughton, whose wife died at the house in 1849. The next tenant was Surveyor General Samuel Augustus Perry and then in the 1850s, it was purchased in 1850 by wealthy wine and beer merchant, Frederick Tooth, of Tooth and Co. Brewery. Tooth's brother Edwin lived at the other end of the Macquoid estate in the villa "Waratah". Tooth later sold it to shipping merchant Captain Charles Smith (which was when the illustration at the top of this post was created). Captain Smith died at Goderich Lodge from an embolism in June 1897 and his widow Marjorie stayed on at the home until at least 1904 when her daughter, Marjorie, married. By then, the original four-acre land grant had been subdivided and there were a number of properties on Macquoid's original estate._NEWLINE_Goderich Lodge was demolished in 1915, the house having been located where the Hampton Court Hotel sits today (on Darlinghurst Road, west of the site of Oakleigh). The name Goderich remains in the laneway that runs along the back of the old Hampton Court Hotel, Goderich Lane._NEWLINE_Oakleigh is a Victorian era villa dating from c. 1880 in Italianate style, built as a gentleman's town house, with five well-proportioned rooms and four smaller utility rooms / bathrooms over three storeys, and a belvedere or tower room._NEWLINE_In the early 20th century the building was converted into a boarding house, with a rear "L" shaped three storey addition, comprising 12 more rooms with kitchenettes connected by a timber verandah. On a block next to the house were servants' quarters and stables, however these were demolished in the 1960s to make way for flats._NEWLINE_Oakleigh operated for most of the 20th century as a boarding house, owned by the Boucher/Williams family who also owned properties in Kellett Street, nearby. Florimond, Beatrice and Cecelia Coucke moved into Oakleigh when they arrived from Europe in 1949 and in 1963 they bought the house. Cecelia continued living at Oakleigh with her parents, in turn her children grew up there._NEWLINE_In the late 1970s-early 1980s Oakleigh was threatened by developers keen to demolish it and make way for a multi-storey hotel. The Coucke family successfully fought to save their home. In 1985 the Minister for Planning and the Environment, Bob Carr, placed Oakleigh under a permanent conservation order.
Osh State University is a government-sector university in Kyrgyzstan that has been training foreign students since 1992. More than 40,000 students study at the faculties and institutes of the university including approximately 3,000 students from other nations. It is the largest university of the Kyrgyz Republic and ranked top by many ranking institutions and newspapers._NEWLINE_Instruction is offered in English and Russian._NEWLINE_Most of the foreign students study at the Medical Faculty Other faculties are the Engineering Institute has , the Business and Management Faculty, the Faculty of Law, the Pedagogical Faculty, the Faculty of Modern Languages, the Faculty of Mathematics, the Faculty of Computer Sciences and Electronics, and the Faculty of Arts.
PTK was designed for programmers to enjoy basic-like ease of programming using the C++. It abstracts rendering, input and I/O and removes the need for directly setting up complex renderers such as DirectX or OpenGL._NEWLINE_PTK uses a "2D in 3D" paradigm. While it is a 2D engine, it uses 3D acceleration for rendering, enabling very good, bicubic filtered rendering of scaled, rotated sprites and per-pixel alpha blending at no expense of computing time. A game such as Mystic Inn make extensive use of PTK's rendering capabilities.
Ayyappan Kavu Uthram Vela and padinjattumuri subramanyan kovil THYPOOYAM are the famous festivals in this village, 5 to 15 elephants will participate in this vela.. after that vedikettu (fire works) will also happen. For thypooyam there will be lots of Kaavadi's and naadaswarams of famous kerala teams with traditional chenda melam at the kovil premises. At a time there was nobody to look after the kovil.  Now a group of dynamic youths are looking after the kovil with the help of villagers. Now the kovil have a kalyanamandapam and an Annadaana mandapam, and many more projects are under process.  Maha Kiratha Rudra Yajnam at Thottathil mana Vettekkaran temple is also very famous, now last 8 years this yajnam is going on in the months of April or may. It was normally 10 days program including Bhagavatha Sapthaha Yajnam, shatha chandikayagam, major team panjavadyam and Thayambaka, and very important and powerful program is Kalampaattu and 12000coconut breaking(pantheerayiram). Vettekkaran Seva Samithi is doing this program under the chief instruction by Thottathil mana Kuttan Namboothiri, the disciple of Very famous Thanthri ThanthraRathnam Azhakathu Shasthru Sharman Namboothirippad, the president of thanthra Vidya peetham-Aluva.  Now Sivakiratham Global Trust is Co-ordinating an Athirathram on 2013, as a celebration of the 10th anniversary of Maha Kiratha rudra Yajnam .
Park Street is now mainly retail and leisure premises. Among the more unusual businesses are the Bristol Folk House , an arts centre, and the Bristol Guild of Applied Art . In 1974 an IRA bombing injured 20 people. In 1976 a huge gas explosion destroyed some of the buildings near the bottom of the road; most were rebuilt as replicas._NEWLINE_Some of the furnishings from the RMS Mauretania were installed in a bar and restaurant complex at the bottom of Park Street, initially called "Mauretania", now "Java". The lounge bar was the library with mahogany panelling: above the first-class Grand Saloon with French-style gilding overlooks Frog Lane. The neon sign on the south wall still advertises the "Mauretania": installed in 1938 this was the first moving neon sign in Bristol. It is a grade II listed building._NEWLINE_Visible from the viaduct, on the side of a building in Frogmore Street, is a controversial mural, named Well Hung Lover. by local graffiti artist Banksy._NEWLINE_Antlers Gallery used the space at Number 2, Park Street for their exhibition Uncanny Views, which ran from 10 February - 6 March 2011. In July 2011, Antlers Gallery returned to Number 2, Park Street to host their exhibition Anatomy. This was launched as part of the Pride Bristol 2011.
A pattern is a regularity in the world, in human-made design, or in abstract ideas. As such, the elements of a pattern repeat in a predictable manner. A geometric pattern is a kind of pattern formed of geometric shapes and typically repeated like a wallpaper design._NEWLINE_Any of the senses may directly observe patterns. Conversely, abstract patterns in science, mathematics, or language may be observable only by analysis. Direct observation in practice means seeing visual patterns, which are widespread in nature and in art. Visual patterns in nature are often chaotic, never exactly repeating, and often involve fractals. Natural patterns include spirals, meanders, waves, foams, tilings, cracks, and those created by symmetries of rotation and reflection. Patterns have an underlying mathematical structure; indeed, mathematics can be seen as the search for regularities, and the output of any function is a mathematical pattern. Similarly in the sciences, theories explain and predict regularities in the world._NEWLINE_In art and architecture, decorations or visual motifs may be combined and repeated to form patterns designed to have a chosen effect on the viewer. In computer science, a software design pattern is a known solution to a class of problems in programming. In fashion, the pattern is a template used to create any number of similar garments.
Various Usenet newsgroup postings made by Le Roux are known from the second half of the 1990s. Some of them are highly technical encryption discussions, while others can be summarized as trolling. Le Roux would frequently post angry, sarcastic and offensive messages, including harsh verbal attacks against Australia as well as racist comments. On various occasions, he would later express his amusement at the reactions of other users._NEWLINE_In 1995, Le Roux appears as the owner of a business, World Away Pty._NEWLINE_Around 1997–1998, Le Roux began to develop E4M (Encryption for the Masses), which was first released on December 18, 1998. The product is capable of encrypting entire disks, and optionally of plausible deniability (denying the existence of an encrypted volume). Le Roux claimed the software had been written "from scratch". The software was released free of charge and with source code. In the "Politics" section of the E4M website, Le Roux published a kind of manifesto stating that governments are increasingly relying on electronic data gathering. Citing projects such as Echelon, linked to the five nation states which would become known as the "Five Eyes" more than a decade later, he stated that encryption is the only way to preserve civil liberties._NEWLINE_With no income from his previous two years of labor, Le Roux was struggling financially. He was divorced from his first wife in Brisbane in 1999. Sources close to Le Roux describe the divorce as "violent", while another states the couple parted ways amicably._NEWLINE_Le Roux relocated to Hong Kong, then to Rotterdam, where he married a Dutch citizen named Lilian Cheung Yuen Pui. The couple had a son soon after._NEWLINE_To monetize E4M, he launched SW Professionals in 2000. Based in South Africa, the company offered offshore programming, including E4M customization. According to its website, it had 5 to 6 employees. Le Roux himself was reportedly rarely seen in South Africa, and was still in a precarious financial situation._NEWLINE_In 2001 Le Roux was approached by Wilfried Hafner, a client with whom he had corresponded for several years about E4M. Hafner offered him a position in his newly founded company SecurStar. Le Roux was to build the engine for its upcoming DriveCrypt product, based on E4M and another product, Scramdisk (whose inventor, Shaun Hollingworth, had also joined SecurStar, where he still worked as of mid-2019). Both Hafner and Hollingworth describe him as a gifted programmer who would contribute innovative ideas. He was dismissed in 2002 upon Hafner discovering that Le Roux continued to work on E4M, incorporating some of the work he had done for SecurStar. Nonetheless, Hafner and Le Roux reconciled personally and stayed in touch for some time._NEWLINE_Around the same time, Le Roux was working on a gaming engine for an online casino he intended to launch in Canada and Romania. Hafner would later describe Le Roux as "not a marketer" and that he "didn't see how he could bring in the gamers to play." In 2001, Le Roux appears listed as a director of a company named SSD Software. SW Professionals went out of business in October 2002 and Le Roux solicited contract work with a Usenet post.
In February 2004 the first version of TrueCrypt was released by anonymous developers who called themselves "the TrueCrypt Team", built on E4M code. As its developers remained anonymous, some of Le Roux's former SecurStar colleagues, including Hafner, suspected Le Roux of being involved but could not find any corroborating evidence. The actual authors remain unknown as of 2017._NEWLINE_According to Matthew Green, a computer science professor at the Johns Hopkins Information Security Institute and leader of the TrueCrypt audit in 2014, TrueCrypt "was written by anonymous folks; it could have been Paul Le Roux writing under an assumed name, or it could have been someone completely different."_NEWLINE_Hafner sent a cease-and-desist letter to an email address associated with the TrueCrypt developers. The TrueCrypt Team immediately stopped development and distribution of TrueCrypt, which they announced on Usenet. Team member David Tesařík stated that Le Roux informed the team that there was a legal dispute between himself and SecurStar, and that he had received legal advice not to comment on the case. Because of this, he was unable to confirm or deny the legitimacy of TrueCrypt, keeping its development in limbo. A new version was released in June, but with a different digital signature and the developers now being referred to as "the TrueCrypt Foundation". The project received funding, the source of which is equally unclear._NEWLINE_Responding to the TrueCrypt controversy, Le Roux sent his last Usenet post, in which he wrote "the pure speculation here (often stated as fact) is damaging and in some cases libelous." This appears to be the last online appearance he made using his real name._NEWLINE_Le Roux's involvement with TrueCrypt still remains unclear as of 2016. Le Roux himself has denied developing TrueCrypt in a court hearing in March 2016, in which he also confirmed he had written E4M. On the other hand, he reportedly ordered employees around 2007 to encrypt their hard disks with E4M and later with TrueCrypt.
President Sukarno on 23 August 1945 announced the establishment of BKR. The President made a speech by inviting youth volunteers, former members of PETA, Heiho, and the Imperial Japanese Navy to gather on August 24, 1945 in their respective regions._NEWLINE_In Jakarta, youth and former PETA successfully formulated the BKR structure in accordance with the territorial structure of the Japanese occupation. These youths call themselves BKR administrators at the central level consisting of Kaprawi, Sutaklasana, Latief Hendraningrat, Arifin Abdurrachman, Machmud and Zulkifli Lubis._NEWLINE_Meanwhile, the formation of BKR outside Jakarta was spearheaded by Arudji Kartawinata (West Java), Drg Mustopo (East Java), and Sudirman (Central Java). In addition to BKR Land, BKR Sea was also formed which was spearheaded by former students and teachers from the High School of Sailing (Indonesian: Sekolah Pelayaran Tinggi) and the sailors from the Shipping Service (Indonesian: Jawatan Pelayaran) consisting of Mas Pardi, Adam, Eddy Martadinata and R Suryadi. Especially in West Java, Hidayat and Kartakusumah as former KNIL officers joined and led the BKR of the Central Bandung Railway Station (Indonesian: Balai Besar Kereta Api Bandung) and other railway stations._NEWLINE_Due to limited communication facilities at that time, not all regions in Indonesia know the formation of BKR. In eastern Sumatra and Aceh, BKR never formed. But generally the youths in the area formed an organization that would form the core of the army. In Aceh, youth established the Indonesian Youth Force (API; Indonesian: Angkatan Pemuda Indonesia), and youths in Palembang formed the People's Security Guard (PKR; Indonesian: Penjaga Keamanan Rakyat) or the People's Security Guard Agency (BPKR; Indonesian: Badan Penjaga Keamanan Rakyat)._NEWLINE_The youth who disagreed with the establishment of the BKR formed their own struggle bodies. In Bandung there is the Indonesian Youth Student Association (P3I; Indonesian: Persatuan Pemuda Pelajar Indonesia), in Surabaya there is the Indonesian Young Generation (AMI; Indonesian: Angkatan Muda Indonesia), in Padang there is the Indonesian Youth Information Center (BPPI; Indonesian: Balai Penerangan Pemuda Indonesia), and in South Kalimantan there is the Youth League of the Republic of Indonesia (BPRI; Indonesian: Barisan Pemuda Republik Indonesia).
On 29 August 1945 the Central Indonesian National Committee (KNIP) was established and authorized by the government. Then KNIP endorsed the establishment of the BKR Center in Jakarta. BKR Jakarta led by Moefreni Moekmin assisted by Priyatna, Soeroto Koento, Daan Yahya, Daan Mogot, Sujono and Latief Hendraningrat. In Bogor BKR was formed in October 1945 which was pioneered by former PETA members Husein Sastranegara and Ibrahim Adjie._NEWLINE_In Parahyangan, a BKR group was formed on August 28, 1945 and led by Arudji Kartawinata (former Daidan PETA in Cimahi) and Pardjaman (former Daidan PETA in Bandung). The establishment of BKR Parahyangan was followed by the formation of BKR groups in Garut, Tasikmalaya,Ciamis, Majalengka, and Purwakarta. BKR Lembang is led by Amir Machmud while BKR Sumedang is led by Umar Wirahadikusumah._NEWLINE_BKR groups were also established in other regions in Indonesia. In Central Java, BKR Purwokerto was led by Soedirman, while BKR Surakarta was led by GPH Djatikusumo. In Surabaya on August 24, 1945, a meeting was held to form BKR which was attended by Moestopo, Jonosewojo, Soengkono, and Sukarno. The result of the meeting decided to call the former members of PETA, Heiho and other youths to join BKR members on September 10, 1945.
Jackson was born on 31 October 1961 in Wellington _NEWLINE_and was raised at the nearby coastal town of Pukerua Bay. His parents—Joan (née Ruck), a factory worker and housewife, and William "Bill" Jackson, a wages clerk—were emigrants from England._NEWLINE_As a child, Jackson was a keen film fan, growing up on Ray Harryhausen films, as well as finding inspiration in the television series Thunderbirds and Monty Python's Flying Circus. After a family friend gave the Jacksons a Super 8 cine-camera with Peter in mind, he began making short films with his friends. Jackson has long cited King Kong as his favourite film, and around the age of nine he attempted to remake it using his own stop-motion models. Also, as a child Jackson made a WWII epic called "The Dwarf Patrol" seen on the Bad Taste bonus disc which featured his first special effect of poking pinholes in the film for gun shots, and a James Bond spoof named Coldfinger. Most notable though was a 20-minute short called The Valley, which won him a special prize because of the shots he used._NEWLINE_In school, Jackson expressed no interest in sports. His classmates also remember him wearing a duffle coat with "an obsession verging on religious". He had no formal training in film-making, but learned about editing, special effects and make-up largely through his own trial and error. As a young adult, Jackson discovered the work of author J. R. R. Tolkien after watching The Lord of the Rings (1978), an animated film by Ralph Bakshi that was a part-adaptation of Tolkien's fantasy trilogy. When he was 16 years old, Jackson left school and began working full-time as a photo-engraver for a Wellington newspaper, The Evening Post. For the seven years he worked there, Jackson lived at home with his parents so he could save as much money as possible to spend on film equipment. After two years of work Jackson bought a 16 mm camera, and began shooting a film that later became Bad Taste.
In 2016, Steve Cohen established Point72 Ventures, a venture capital fund that makes early-stage investments in Asia, Europe, Central America, and the United States. Point72 Ventures now invests in fintech, machine learning, and artificial intelligence, cyber-security and core-enterprise companies. _NEWLINE_Matthew Granade, the head of Point72’s Market Intelligence unit and a former co-head of research at Bridgewater Associates, is the Managing Partner at Point72 Ventures. As of 2019, the fund was composed of about 15 employees, and its investments typically range from $500,000 to $15 million. Pete Casella leads Point72 Ventures-Fintech, Dan Gwak and Sri Chandrasekar, lead Point72 Ventures-AI, and David Dubick and Noah Carr lead Ventures’ third sleeve, Point72 Ventures-Core Enterprise.
Pulse-Eight used to offer a performance tuned free and open source embedded operating system that they call "PulseOS" designed to run on their PulseBox hardware platform, however since the discontinuation of their dedicated hardware the software enhancements have been merged with the main Kodi codebase
Pygame uses the Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL) library, with the intention of allowing real-time computer game development without the low-level mechanics of the C programming language and its derivatives. This is based on the assumption that the most expensive functions inside games can be abstracted from the game logic, making it possible to use a high-level programming language, such as Python, to structure the game._NEWLINE_Other features that SDL doesn't have include vector math, collision detection, 2d sprite scene graph management, MIDI support, camera, pixel-array manipulation, transformations, filtering, advanced freetype font support, and drawing._NEWLINE_Applications using pygame can run on Android phones and tablets with the use of Pygame Subset for Android (pgs4a). Sound, vibration, keyboard, and accelerometer are supported on Android.
The Recursive Porous Agent Simulation Toolkit (Repast) is a widely used free and open-source, cross-platform, agent-based modeling and simulation toolkit. Repast has multiple implementations in several languages (North, Collier & Vos 2006) and built-in adaptive features, such as genetic algorithms and regression. _NEWLINE_Repast was originally developed by David Sallach, Nick Collier, Tom Howe, Michael North and others at the University of Chicago.
On 20 April 1939 at Marseilles Rudolf Hamburger boarded the ship that would take him to Asia. His earlier China trips had used the overland route, and this was the first time he had made the journey by sea.  Many of his fellow passengers were German-Jewish refugees, as he reported in a letter dated 25 April 1939 to his elder brother, Viktor. They were heading for "one of the few places left in the world still open to them, Shanghai, where they would join some 7,000 unemployed German co-religionists already there. They spoke not one word of English and were really in a pitiful state" ("An Bord befinden sich Mengen von Glaubensgenossen, die alle nach dem für sie einzigen noch offenen Platz in der Welt fahren, Shanghai – um zu den 7.000, die schon dort sitzen ohne Arbeit noch einige mehr hinzuzufügen. Sie sprechen kein Wort englisch und sind überhaupt recht armselige Gewächse").  Viktor Hamburger had been based in Missouri since 1935 but the third brother, Otto Hamburger (1907-1997), was now living in Shanghai. After the brothers' mother had died in 1937 their father had relocated to Shanghai and joined his youngest son. This meant that although Rudolf Hamburger still had no details on the intelligence assignments that he would be given in China, he did already know that he was on his way to a family reunion. The family, at this point, knew nothing of Rudolf's divorce, though they did know that the children were staying behind with Ursula in Switzerland._NEWLINE_This time, however, the intended ultimate destination for Rudolf Hamburger was not Shanghai, where he planned to spend at most fourteen days before moving on further to the north. A Sino-English firm of building contractors which he knew well from the old days had offered him architectural work. Details had been a little hazy, but the offer had nevertheless appeared acceptable. From his letters it turns out that he did not sail directly from Marseilles to Shanghai, but disembarked at Singapore in order to obtain a visa for "Siam, Indochina and Java".  He toured around, taking in Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Phnom Penh and Saigon, and then in July 1939 took a passage on a coastal boat from Saigon to Shantou (Guangdong) from where he made his way on to Shanghai. He was still in Shanghai in November 1939, having stayed there "longer than intended, as a result of the war". He was finding some architectural work, but only for very modest residential accommodation. There was no return to the grand projects. There is a certain studied vagueness in the letter he sent his brother Viktor in November 1939, and it seems reasonable to infer that Soviet intelligence still had not found him anything important to do. During this time in Shanghai he was living not with his brother but on his own in a small house. Most of the friends and colleagues he had known when he lived in Shanghai during the early 1930s were gone:  those that remained were not the ones whose company he was inclined to seek out. Under the guidance of Johann Patra he stayed in his little house and occupied himself with the operation of radio transmitters and receivers, and on a rather "superficial" ("oberflächlich") level, explosives procedure. (Patra himself lived elsewhere, in relative safety, with a rich Chinese family.)
SHA-1 produces a message digest based on principles similar to those used by Ronald L. Rivest of MIT in the design of the MD2, MD4 and MD5 message digest algorithms, but generates a larger hash value (160 bits vs. 128 bits)._NEWLINE_SHA-1 was developed as part of the U.S. Government's  Capstone project. The original specification of the algorithm was published in 1993 under the title Secure Hash Standard, FIPS PUB 180, by U.S. government standards agency NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology). This version is now often named SHA-0. It was withdrawn by the NSA shortly after publication and was superseded by the revised version, published in 1995 in FIPS PUB 180-1 and commonly designated SHA-1. SHA-1 differs from SHA-0 only by a single bitwise rotation in the message schedule of its compression function. According to the NSA, this was done to correct a flaw in the original algorithm which reduced its cryptographic security, but they did not provide any further explanation. Publicly available techniques did indeed demonstrate a compromise of SHA-0, in 2004, before SHA-1 in 2017. See #Attacks
SHA-1 forms part of several widely used security applications and protocols, including TLS and SSL, PGP, SSH, S/MIME, and IPsec. Those applications can also use MD5; both MD5 and SHA-1 are descended from MD4._NEWLINE_SHA-1 and SHA-2 are the hash algorithms required by law for use in certain U.S. government applications, including use within other cryptographic algorithms and protocols, for the protection of sensitive unclassified information. FIPS PUB 180-1 also encouraged adoption and use of SHA-1 by private and commercial organizations. SHA-1 is being retired from most government uses; the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology said, "Federal agencies should stop using SHA-1 for...applications that require collision resistance as soon as practical, and must use the SHA-2 family of hash functions for these applications after 2010" (emphasis in original), though that was later relaxed to allow SHA-1 to be used for verifying old digital signatures and time stamps._NEWLINE_A prime motivation for the publication of the Secure Hash Algorithm was the Digital Signature Standard, in which it is incorporated._NEWLINE_The SHA hash functions have been used for the basis of the SHACAL block ciphers.
For a hash function for which L is the number of bits in the message digest, finding a message that corresponds to a given message digest can always be done using a brute force search in approximately 2ᴸ evaluations. This is called a preimage attack and may or may not be practical depending on L and the particular computing environment. However, a collision, consisting of finding two different messages that produce the same message digest, requires on average only about 1.2 × 2ᴸ/2 evaluations using a birthday attack. Thus the strength of a hash function is usually compared to a symmetric cipher of half the message digest length. SHA-1, which has a 160-bit message digest, was originally thought to have 80-bit strength._NEWLINE_In 2005, cryptographers Xiaoyun Wang, Yiqun Lisa Yin, and Hongbo Yu produced collision pairs for SHA-0 and have found algorithms that should produce SHA-1 collisions in far fewer than the originally expected 2⁸⁰ evaluations._NEWLINE_Some of the applications that use cryptographic hashes, like password storage, are only minimally affected by a collision attack. Constructing a password that works for a given account requires a preimage attack, as well as access to the hash of the original password, which may or may not be trivial. Reversing password encryption (e.g. to obtain a password to try against a user's account elsewhere) is not made possible by the attacks. (However, even a secure password hash can't prevent brute-force attacks on weak passwords.)_NEWLINE_In the case of document signing, an attacker could not simply fake a signature from an existing document: The attacker would have to produce a pair of documents, one innocuous and one damaging, and get the private key holder to sign the innocuous document. There are practical circumstances in which this is possible; until the end of 2008, it was possible to create forged SSL certificates using an MD5 collision._NEWLINE_Due to the block and iterative structure of the algorithms and the absence of additional final steps, all SHA functions (except SHA-3) are vulnerable to length-extension and partial-message collision attacks. These attacks allow an attacker to forge a message signed only by a keyed hash—SHA(message || key) or SHA(key || message)—by extending the message and recalculating the hash without knowing the key. A simple improvement to prevent these attacks is to hash twice: SHAd(message) = SHA(SHA(0ᵇ || message)) (the length of 0ᵇ, zero block, is equal to the block size of the hash function).
At CRYPTO 98, two French researchers, Florent Chabaud and Antoine Joux, presented an attack on SHA-0: collisions can be found with complexity 2⁶¹, fewer than the 2⁸⁰ for an ideal hash function of the same size._NEWLINE_In 2004, Biham and Chen found near-collisions for SHA-0—two messages that hash to nearly the same value; in this case, 142 out of the 160 bits are equal. They also found full collisions of SHA-0 reduced to 62 out of its 80 rounds._NEWLINE_Subsequently, on 12 August 2004, a collision for the full SHA-0 algorithm was announced by Joux, Carribault, Lemuet, and Jalby. This was done by using a generalization of the Chabaud and Joux attack. Finding the collision had complexity 2⁵¹ and took about 80,000 processor-hours on a supercomputer with 256 Itanium 2 processors (equivalent to 13 days of full-time use of the computer)._NEWLINE_On 17 August 2004, at the Rump Session of CRYPTO 2004, preliminary results were announced by Wang, Feng, Lai, and Yu, about an attack on MD5, SHA-0 and other hash functions. The complexity of their attack on SHA-0 is 2⁴⁰, significantly better than the attack by Joux et al._NEWLINE_In February 2005, an attack by Xiaoyun Wang, Yiqun Lisa Yin, and Hongbo Yu was announced which could find collisions in SHA-0 in 2³⁹ operations._NEWLINE_Another attack in 2008 applying the boomerang attack brought the complexity of finding collisions down to 233.6, which is estimated to take 1 hour on an average PC._NEWLINE_In light of the results for SHA-0, some experts suggested that plans for the use of SHA-1 in new cryptosystems should be reconsidered. After the CRYPTO 2004 results were published, NIST announced that they planned to phase out the use of SHA-1 by 2010 in favor of the SHA-2 variants.
SMAN 5 Bandung has gained an ISO of 9001-2008 and has been credited by an accreditation team from SGS Jakarta, from 13 April 2009 until 15 April 2009. The school is a spearhead for the development of Schools with International Standards in West Java. On the national level, SMAN 5 Bandung has gained an A+ from the Indonesian Ministry of Education.
Its education is based on Anatolian High School System, and it is one of the most selective High-Schools in Blacksea coast of Turkey, and the most selective Anatolian High School in Samsun. (According to the High-School Entrance Exam Statistics (1)) Educating language is Turkish. English and German are compulsory foreign languages._NEWLINE_Due to the Turkish Education System in 10th grade of school, students select one of the three sections, which are "Foreign Language Based", "Maths-Science Based" and "Turkish-Maths Based". Although the hours of each courses change in this sections, students are responsible all of the main courses like Maths, Turkish, Physics, History etc. Also students can take courses like Drawing, Music, Computer Science, PE etc.
Jones was born in Macon, Georgia in 1942. He was named after a family forebearer, 19th-century Congressman Seaborn Jones._NEWLINE_He was a former United States Marine._NEWLINE_Jones was published in the Chattahoochee Review, New York Quarterly, Pearl, River Styx, Rockhurst Review, Southern Poetry Review, Bogg, Poetry New Zealand, Studio One, Wilshire Review, Louisiana Review and numerous other journals, including translations of his work for European publications. His poems have been anthologized in 80 on the 80s (Ashland Poetry Press, 1990), Scorched Hands (Pariah Press), Chester H. Jones Foundation National Poetry Contest Winners 1993, and in Java Monkey Speaks Anthology 3 in 2008._NEWLINE_Jones described his poems as "architectural," explaining: "I write down the mood or phrase in a notebook and build on it. Some poems seem to just roll out with no effort. I can only assume that these poems have been incubating in my unconscious and have percolated to the conscious. Everything requires rewriting."_NEWLINE_I lean more toward Democritus' view that poetry is "traced to the poet's invocation with the Muse" than Pindar's view that "poetry is an acquired skill." My problem is that I don't know where my Muse is half the time. It's like being married to someone who says she's going to the store, then disappears for days only to return with no explanation, then wanders off again._NEWLINE_— Seaborn Jones, 2009.,
WEP is a deprecated algorithm to secure IEEE 802.11 wireless networks. Wireless networks broadcast messages using radio, so are more susceptible to eavesdropping than wired networks. When introduced in 1999, WEP was intended to provide confidentiality comparable to that of a traditional wired network. A later system, called Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) has since been developed to provide stronger security.
Most codes are based on interior point methods (CSDP, MOSEK, SeDuMi, SDPT3, DSDP, SDPA). Robust and efficient for general linear SDP problems. Restricted by the fact that the algorithms are second-order methods and need to store and factorize a large (and often dense) matrix.
Algorithms based on Augmented Lagrangian method (PENSDP) are similar in behavior to the interior point methods and can be specialized to some very large scale problems. Other algorithms use low-rank information and reformulation of the SDP as a nonlinear programming problem (SDPLR).
Terasi (trassi in Dutch), an Indonesian (especially Javanese) variant of dried shrimp paste, is usually purchased in dark blocks, but is also sometimes sold ground as granulated coarse powder. The colour and aroma of terasi varies depending on which village produced it. The colour ranges from a soft purple-reddish hue to darkish brown. In Cirebon, a coastal city in West Java, terasi is made from tiny shrimp (Acetes) called rebon, the origin of the city's name. Another kind is petis made from shrimp or tuna mixed with palm sugar. In Sidoarjo, East Java, terasi is made from the mixture of ingredients such as fish, small shrimp (udang), and vegetables. Terasi is an important ingredient in sambal Terasi, also many other Indonesian cuisine, such as sayur asam (fresh sour vegetable soup), lotek (also called gado-gado, Indonesian style salad in peanut sauce), karedok (similar to lotek, but the vegetables are served raw), and rujak (Indonesian style hot and spicy fruit salad)._NEWLINE_On the island of Lombok, Indonesia, a more savoury and sweet shrimp paste called lengkare is made.
Petis udang is black coloured shrimp paste in Indonesian and Malay. It is called Hae ko in the Hokkien dialect, which means prawn paste. Petis udang is a version of shrimp/prawn paste used in Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. In Indonesia it is particularly popular in East Java. This thick black paste has a molasses like consistency instead of the hard brick like appearance of belacan. It also tastes sweeter because of the added sugar. Petis is produced by boiling down the slurry of leftovers from shrimp processing. Molasses is generally added to provide a sweetish flavour to the petis.  It is used to flavour common local street foods like popiah spring rolls, Asam laksa, chee cheong fan rice rolls and rojak salads, such as rujak cingur and rujak petis. In Indonesia, major producer of petis are home industries in Sidoarjo, Pasuruan and Gresik area in East Java.
Shrimp paste continues to be made by fishing families in coastal villages. They sell it to vendors, middlemen or distributors who package it for resale to consumers. Shrimp paste is often known for the region it comes from since production techniques and quality vary from village to village. Some coastal regions in Indonesia such as Bagansiapiapi in Riau, Indramayu and Cirebon in West Java, and Sidoarjo in East Java; as well as villages such as Pulau Betong in Malaysia or Ma Wan island in Hong Kong and in Lingayen Gulf, Pangasinan in the Philippines are well known for producing very fine quality shrimp paste.
Shrimp paste can be found in nations outside Southeast Asia in markets catering to Asian customers. In the Netherlands, Indonesian type of shrimp paste can be found in supermarkets selling Asian foodstuff such as Trassie Oedang from the Conimex brand. In the United States brands of Thai shrimp paste such as Pantainorasingh and Tra Chang can be found. Shrimp pastes from other countries are also available in Asian supermarkets and through mail order. It is also readily available in Suriname due to the high concentration of Javanese inhabitants. In Australia shrimp paste can be found in most suburbs where Southeast Asian people reside.
Initial attempts to standardise Simon and Speck failed to meet International Organization for Standardization super-majority required by the process and the ciphers were not adopted. Expert delegates to the ISO from several countries including Germany, Japan and Israel opposed the efforts by the NSA to standardise the Simon and Speck ciphers, citing concerns that the NSA is pushing for their standardisation with knowledge of exploitable weaknesses in the ciphers. The position was based on partial evidence of weaknesses in the ciphers, lack of clear need for standardisation of the new ciphers, and the NSA's previous involvement in the creation and promotion of the backdoored Dual_EC_DRBG cryptographic algorithm._NEWLINE_In response to concerns, the NSA stated that more than 70 security analysis papers from some of the world's leading cryptographers support NSA's conclusion that the algorithms are secure and NSA affirmed that it is not aware of any cryptanalytic techniques that would allow them or anyone else to exploit Simon or Speck._NEWLINE_After initial attempts to standardise the ciphers failed, the ISO standardised Simon and Speck in other working groups. As of October 2018, the Simon and Speck ciphers have been standardized by ISO as a part of the RFID air interface standard, International Standard ISO/29167-21 (for Simon) and International Standard ISO/29167-22 (for Speck), making them available for use by commercial entities.
Simple DNS Plus is a DNS server software product that runs on x86 and x64 editions of Windows operating system._NEWLINE_All options and settings are available directly from a Windows user interface. It provides wizards for common tasks such as setting up new zones, importing data, making bulk updates, etc._NEWLINE_It has full support for IPv6. It has an option to control protocol preference (IPv4 / IPv6) on dual-stack computers, and it can even act as IPv6-to-IPv4 or IPv4-to-IPv6 forwarder._NEWLINE_It has full support for internationalized domain names (IDNs). You can enter domain names with native characters directly (no punycode conversion needed), and have an option to display native character or punycoded domain names anywhere in the user interface, and quickly switch between these modes._NEWLINE_You can create DNS records or entire zone files from other applications or web-sites and prompt Simple DNS Plus to dynamically load and use this through command line options, a simple HTTP API, and a full .NET/COM programming API._NEWLINE_Simple DNS Plus is based on the Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 and is 100% managed code, protecting it from common security issues such as buffer overruns, and making it run natively on both 32 bit and 64 bit CPUs and Windows versions, including Windows Vista.
In November 1989, President Soeharto of Indonesia gave the name Sosrobahu to the new technology. The name was taken from a character in the Mahabharata, and derives from Old Javanese for thousand (sosro) shoulders (bahu)._NEWLINE_Tjokorda's invention was used by US engineers in the construction of a bridge in Seattle. They placed the oil under a pressure of 78 kg/cm² (7.6 MPa) as per Tjokorda's original theories. Tjokorda himself wanted to investigate further the limits of his invention and built himself a laboratory where he successfully tested the LPBH to a limit of 78.05 kgf/cm² (7.654 MPa)._NEWLINE_Patents have been granted for the invention from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, and the Philippines, and has been applied for in South Korea. The Indonesian patent was granted in 1995, while the Japanese patent was granted in 1992. The technology has been exported to the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore. The longest stretch of overpass built using this technique is in Metro Manila, Philippines at the Metro Manila Skyway located at the southern part of the metropolis. In the Philippines, 298 supports have been erected, while in Kuala Lumpur, the figure is 135. When the technology was introduced to the Philippines, the President of the Philippines, Fidel Ramos commented: "This is an Indonesian invention, but is also an ASEAN invention"._NEWLINE_A second version of the technology has been developed. Whereas the first version used a steel anchor inserted in a concrete base, the second version uses a single plate with a hole in the middle which is not only simpler, but also significantly speeds up the time it takes to erect a pylon from 2 days to 45 minutes. It is expected that the lifespan of flyovers constructed using the Sosrobahu method will be approximately 100 years._NEWLINE_According to Dr. Drajat Hoedajanto, an expert from the Bandung Institute of Technology, Sosrobahu is a very simple solution to the problem of erecting flyover pylons and is suitable for use in the construction of elevated toll roads which have traffic running underneath them.
St Mary's College teaches the core subjects of Maths, English and Science for years 7 to 11, with compulsory Religious Education (RE) and Physical Education (PE). Furthermore, the options of History, Geography, German, French, Spanish, Drama, Musical Theatre, Health and Social care, Business, Computer Science, Media Studies, Cooking, Art and Design, Product and Design and extra PE._NEWLINE_The sixth form provides A-Level, BTEc First or BTEc National courses for ages 16- to 19-year-olds. A-Level courses being; Applied General Science, Biology, Business, Chemistry, Computer Science, Criminology, Economics, English Combined, English Language, English Literature, Film Studies, French, Further Maths, Spanish, Geography, Government & Politics, History, Law, Maths, Media, P.E, Physics, Polish, Politics, Photography, Psychology, R.E and sociology. BTEC courses; being Level 3 Health & Social, Level 3 Sport, Level 3 Creative Media, Art & Design, Level 3 Music, Level 3 Acting, Level 3 Performing Arts, Level 3 Production Arts, Level 3 Extended Sports, English as an Additional Language, Level 2 ECDL, OCR Level 2 Media, OCR Level 2 in Sport and Law.
The Sumbawa people inhabit the western part of the Sumbawa Island and about another 38 smaller islands. In the eastern borders, the Sumbawa people are closely related to the Bima people. The Sumbawa people descended from the ancient Austronesian people that came to the island thousands of years ago. In the 14th century, the western part of the Sumbawa Island is regarded as a territory dependent on the Javanese Majapahit kingdom. Later the formation of the West Sumbawa government became dependent on the Bali Kingdom. In 1650-1750, the West Sumbawa sultans themselves became possessors of lands at the nearby Lombok Island._NEWLINE_In the 17th century, Islam was spread among the Sumbawa people. However this influence only gained significant importance in the 19th century in relation to the reforms that were carried out by the local monarch to strengthen their power after the catastrophic Tambora eruption. Thus, they have also contributed to the cultural unification of the local population._NEWLINE_As early as the 16th century, the Sumbawa people have been known to be suppliers of valuable fragrant wood, honey, rice and horses to other countries within the Southeast Asian region. Since 1605, they were already actively trading with the Dutch. Thanks to the Dutch traders in the Sumbawa Island, the locals began to grow coffee; which then became the main export produce. In the 19th century, the governing of the Sumbawa people came under the Dutch colonies. In 1949, West Sumbawa became part of Indonesia.
The Sun Fire X4500 supports two dual-core AMD Opteron processors and up to 64 GB RAM. With forty-eight 500/1000/2000 GB SATA drives, it provides up to 96 TB of raw storage in four rack units._NEWLINE_The Sun Fire X4540 supports two quad- or six-core AMD K10 (Barcelona) processors and up to 128 GB RAM. The new model also uses PCI Express IO technology, and added a compact flash disk slot for booting the operating system._NEWLINE_A significant feature of both systems is that the I/O framework was designed to handle high throughput on all disks simultaneously. These were the first systems designed specifically with ZFS in mind, so no hardware RAID is included.
Suriname has one of the most ethnically diverse populations in South America, with people of ethnic Indian (South Asian), Javanese, Chinese, European, Amerindian, African (Creole and Maroon), and multiracial origin. The Maroons' ancestors were African slaves who escaped from coastal Suriname between the mid-seventeenth and late eighteenth centuries to form independent settlements in the interior. They settled in interior parts of Suriname, and gained independence by signing a peace treaty with the Dutch in the 1760s. The Dutch were unable to conquer them and agreed to allow them autonomy within their territory._NEWLINE_In 1975 Suriname gained full independence from the Netherlands. Dési Bouterse participated in building a national army. Five years later, in 1980, he and fifteen other army sergeants led a bloody coup against the country's Government. Bouterse eventually consolidated all power. In 1987 he directed the National Assembly to adopt a new constitution that allowed him to continue as head of the army, as a civilian government was established under close watch.
Ticketclever try to use analytics and data science to try and find the lowest price. Ticketclever employed three Oxford University Alumni, two with Doctor of Philosophy in Particle Physics, one with a Doctor of Philosophy in Engineering Science to create an algorithm that filters data sets from Rail Delivery Group (RDG), formally the Association of Train Operating Companies (ATOC), who represent 25 train operating companies in Great Britain that are responsible for running trains and setting the price of the fares. ticketclever uses this algorithm to find multi-ticket fare deals on Great Britain’s railway network.
Time travel debugging or time traveling debugging is the process of stepping back in time through source code to understand what is happening during execution of a computer program. Typically, debugging and debuggers, tools that assist a user with the process of debugging, allow users to pause the execution of running software and inspect the current state of the program. Users can then step forward in time, stepping into or over statements and proceeding in a forward direction. Interactive debuggers include the ability to modify code and step forward based on updated information.  Reverse debugging tools allow users to step backwards in time through the steps that resulted in reaching a particular point in the program. Time traveling debuggers provide these features and also allow users to interact with the program, changing the history if desired, and watch how the program responds.
UUCP was originally written at AT&T Bell Laboratories by Mike Lesk. By 1978 it was in use on 82 UNIX machines inside the Bell system, primarily for software distribution.  It was released in 1979 as part of Version 7 Unix.  The original UUCP was rewritten by AT&T researchers Peter Honeyman, David A. Nowitz, and Brian E. Redman around 1983.  The rewrite is referred to as HDB or HoneyDanBer uucp, which was later enhanced, bug fixed, and repackaged as BNU UUCP ("Basic Network Utilities")._NEWLINE_Each of these versions was distributed as proprietary software, which inspired Ian Lance Taylor to write a new free software version from scratch in 1991.Taylor UUCP was released under the GNU General Public License.  Taylor UUCP addressed security holes which allowed some of the original network worms to remotely execute unexpected shell commands. Taylor UUCP also incorporated features of all previous versions of UUCP, allowing it to communicate with any other version and even use similar config file formats from other versions._NEWLINE_UUCP was also implemented for non-UNIX operating systems, most-notably MS-DOS systems. Packages such as UUSLAVE/GNUUCP (John Gilmore, Garry Paxinos, Tim Pozar), UUPC (Drew Derbyshire) and FSUUCP (Christopher Ambler of IODesign), brought early Internet connectivity to personal computers, expanding the network beyond the interconnected university systems. FSUUCP formed the basis for many bulletin board system (BBS) packages such as Galacticomm's Major BBS and Mustang Software's Wildcat! BBS to connect to the UUCP network and exchange email and Usenet traffic.  As an example, UFGATE (John Galvin, Garry Paxinos, Tim Pozar) was a package that provided a gateway between networks running Fidonet and UUCP protocols._NEWLINE_FSUUCP was the only other implementation of Taylor's enhanced 'i' protocol, a significant improvement over the standard 'g' protocol used by most UUCP implementations.
The college provides 3-year Diploma Engineering Engineering: civil engineering, computer science engineering, Mechanical engineering, Electrical engineering, chemical engineering, Bio Tech engineering, electronics and telecommunication engineering, a two-year diploma for ITI, +2 holders as lateral entries is also offered. All courses are full-time. Each academic year consists of two semesters and a summer term. The education system is organized around a credit system, which ensures continuous evaluation of a student's performance and provides flexibility to choose courses to suit the student's ability or convenience. Each course is assigned credits depending upon the class hours.
The institution is running in a single campus having two large buildings. The old two storied building houses administrative block along with the departments of Civil Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, drawing halls, class rooms, Edusat hall, Communication Skill Laboratory & Computer Centres. The new three storied building constructed under World Bank Assisted Project accommodates the departments of Computer Science Engineering, Information Technology, Chemical Engineering, Bio Technology & Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering, LRUC hall & Gymnasium etc. The institution has a separate workshop building which houses fitting shop, machine Shop, turner section, welding shop, carpentry shop and smithy. With Two boy's hostel and one Girl's Hostel are available and one each cricket field, basketball court, tennis court and volleyball court are available.
A violin plot is a method of plotting numeric data. It is similar to a box plot, with the addition of a rotated kernel density plot on each side._NEWLINE_Violin plots are similar to box plots, except that they also show the probability density of the data at different values, usually smoothed by a kernel density estimator. Typically a violin plot will include all the data that is in a box plot: a marker for the median of the data; a box or marker indicating the interquartile range; and possibly all sample points, if the number of samples is not too high. _NEWLINE_A violin plot is more informative than a plain box plot. While a box plot only shows summary statistics such as mean/median and interquartile ranges, the violin plot shows the full distribution of the data. The difference is particularly useful when the data distribution is multimodal (more than one peak). In this case a violin plot shows the presence of different peaks, their position and relative amplitude._NEWLINE_Like box plots, violin plots are used to represent comparison of a variable distribution (or sample distribution) across different "categories" (for example, temperature distribution compared between day and night, or distribution of car prices compared across different car makers)._NEWLINE_A violin plot can have multiple layers. For instance, the outer shape represents all possible results. The next layer inside might represent the values that occur 95% of the time.  The next layer (if it exists) inside might represents the values that occur 50% of the time. _NEWLINE_Although more informative than box plots, they are less popular. Because of their unpopularity, their meaning can be harder to grasp for many readers not familiar with the violin plot representation. In this case, a more accessible alternative can be plotting a series of stacked histograms or kernel density distributions._NEWLINE_Violin plots are available as extensions to a number of software packages, including the R packages vioplot, wvioplot, caroline, UsingR, lattice and ggplot2, the Stata add-on command vioplot, and the  Python libraries matplotlib, Plotly, and Seaborn, a graph type in Origin , IGOR Pro , and DistributionChart in Mathematica.
Voldemort uses in-memory caching to eliminate a separate caching tier. It has a storage layer that is possible to emulate. Voldemort reads and writes scale horizontally. The API decides data replication and placement and accommodates a wide range of application-specific strategies._NEWLINE_The Voldemort distributed data store supports pluggable placement strategies for distribution across data centers. Data is automatically replicated across servers. Data is partitioned meaning a single server contains only a portion of the total data. Each data node is independent to avoid central point of failure. Pluggable serialization allows rich keys and values including lists and tuples with named fields, as well as the integration with common serialisation frameworks such as Avro, Java Serialization, Protocol Buffers, and Thrift. Server failures are handled transparently. Data items are versioned, which maximizes data integrity.
The College of Computer Studies, founded in 2011, offers programs in Computer Science, in Information Systems and in Information Technology. Its council is the Computer Studies Student Council and its mascot the Wizard. It was included in the first batch of Centers of Development for Excellence in Information Technology Education (CODE-IT) by CHED and its BS in Computer Science received Level II accreditation from PAASCU. It strives to remain abreast of local and international standards and regulatory requirements through an ISO9001/IWA 2 "Guidelines for the Application of ISO 9001: 2000 in Education" alignment initiative._NEWLINE_The College Council is the computer Studies Student Council and their mascot is a Wizard._NEWLINE_The CCS maintains partnerships and linkages with other academic, industry, and government institutions to augment its instruction, research, and social outreach capabilities and to enhance the delivery of its curricular offerings. For instance, it has been a long-time partner and training provider of the SMART Schools/Microsoft Partners in Learning Program – a collaborative project of SMART, Microsoft, PBSP, DepEd that provides service to the community through IT training programs for public schools.
The College of Nursing was founded in 1989 and was recognized by the Commission on Higher Education in 1992. The first batch in 1993 had a 100% passing rate in the Integrated Nurses Licensure Examination. The four-year Bachelor of Science in Nursing Program is community and prevention oriented. Students engage in basic sanitation activities in the community such as the regular free circumcisions in barangays and community fora on health issues._NEWLINE_From 2013 through 2016 Xavier Ateneo, with about 150 nurses per year, had a 100% passing rate on the licensure exam, and has been ranked second among large nursing schools in the Philippines._NEWLINE_Its student council is the Council of Nursing Students, and its mascot is the Python.
A Symbolic Analysis of Relay and Switching Circuits is the title of a master's thesis written by computer science pioneer Claude E. Shannon while attending the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1937.  In his thesis, Shannon, a dual degree graduate of the University of Michigan, proved that Boolean algebra could be used to simplify the arrangement of the relays that were the building blocks of the electromechanical automatic telephone exchanges of the day.  Shannon went on to prove that it should also be possible to use arrangements of relays to solve Boolean algebra problems._NEWLINE_The utilization of the binary properties of electrical switches to perform logic functions is the basic concept that underlies all electronic digital computer designs.  Shannon's thesis became the foundation of practical digital circuit design when it became widely known among the electrical engineering community during and after World War II.  At the time, the methods employed to design logic circuits were ad hoc in nature and lacked the theoretical discipline that Shannon's paper supplied to later projects._NEWLINE_Psychologist Howard Gardner described Shannon's thesis as "possibly the most important, and also the most famous, master's thesis of the century".  A version of the paper was published in the 1938 issue of the Transactions of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, and in 1940, it earned Shannon the Alfred Noble American Institute of American Engineers Award.
One of the most powerful aspects of Director is its extensibility, which is achieved through plug-in applications named Xtras. For example, there are Xtras for OS desktop manipulations (creating folders, files, icons, shortcuts, registry editing) and Shell control, dedicated text processing (RegX), PDF readers, and many more.  With Xtras, Director can be extended to support additional media types beyond those that the stock version of the software allows. These can be created by users or purchased from third party vendors. They are created using Adobe Director's XDK (Xtra Development Kit), a C++ SDK. With the change in new versions of Director, Xtra developers need to modify their products to maintain ongoing support. With changing industry trends, many third-party Xtra developers have discontinued products and dropped support due to the cost of development without a significant return.
For online distribution, the Director can publish projects for embedding in websites using the Shockwave plugin. Shockwave files have a.DCR file extension. Other publishing options include a stand-alone executable file called projectors, supported on Macintosh and Windows operating systems, and with Director 12, output for iOS. Early versions also supported execution of the 3DO console. The Director score timeline can also be exported as a non-interactive video format, such as a QuickTime or sequence of images.
Aleksandre Jejelava was born in Tbilisi. In 1995, he graduated from Tbilisi State University, with a degree in Applied Mathematics and Computer Sciences. In 2003-2005, he obtained a Master’s degree in General Management at ESM Business School – in Tbilisi. In 2009-2010, he studied at George Washington University, where he acquired a Master’s degree in Project Management. Since 2015, he is a certified international coach, transformational coach. _NEWLINE_Since June 3, 2016, Aleksandre Jejelava holds a position as the Minister of Education and Science of Georgia. In 2010-2016, he held a position as a Chairman and a head coach at Management Academy. At the same time, he was a professor at the Bank of Georgia University and Caucasus School of Business. He was a professor at Tbilisi Free University, Caucasus University and a dean for the Master’s degree program at Georgian Institute of Public Affairs. _NEWLINE_Aleksandre Jejelava also held a variety of important positions at Open Society Georgia Foundation, the National Bank of Georgia, TBC Bank and the Intellect Bank. _NEWLINE_He has a vast experience in the fields of IT strategic development. He was a speaker for the TEDx Tbilisi; and held a position as a Chairman of the board at V. Komarov Physics and Mathematics Public School N199. Furthermore, Aleksandre Jejelava was in charge of the IT strategic development at the Georgian Lottery Company. _NEWLINE_He is married and has two daughters.
An application domain is a mechanism (similar to a process in an operating system) used within the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) to isolate executed software applications from one another so that they do not affect each other. Each application domain has its own virtual address space which scopes the resources for the application domain using that address space.
Direct communication cannot be achieved across application domains. However, application domains can still talk to each other by passing objects via marshalling by value (unbound objects), marshalling by reference through a proxy (application-domain-bound objects). There is a third type of object called a context-bound object which can be marshalled by reference across domains and also within the context of its own application domain. Because of the verifiable type-safety of managed code, a CLI can provide fault isolation between domains at a much lower cost than an operating system process can. The static type verification used for isolation does not require the same process switches or hardware ring transitions that an operating system process requires.
Application domains are a purely managed code concept. Any included native/unmanaged code (e.g., C++) is largely unaware of them. Static variables seem to be shared across domains, callbacks can be problematic, and any memory corruption bugs in one domain is likely to corrupt other domains.
Available in early Unix. In a multitasking operating system, processing can be distributed across different processes, which run independently, have their own memory, and process their own I/O flows; these flows are typically connected in pipelines. Processes are fairly expensive to create and maintain, so this solution only works well if the set of processes is small and relatively stable. It also assumes that the individual processes can operate independently, apart from processing each other's I/O; if they need to communicate in other ways, coordinating them can become difficult._NEWLINE_An extension of this approach is dataflow programming, which allows more complicated networks than just the chains that pipes support.
Available in BSD and POSIX Unix. I/O is issued asynchronously, and when it is completed a signal (interrupt) is generated. As in low-level kernel programming, the facilities available for safe use within the signal handler are limited, and the main flow of the process could have been interrupted at nearly any point, resulting in inconsistent data structures as seen by the signal handler. The signal handler is usually not able to issue further asynchronous I/O by itself._NEWLINE_The signal approach, though relatively simple to implement within the OS, brings to the application program the unwelcome baggage associated with writing an operating system's kernel interrupt system. Its worst characteristic is that every blocking (synchronous) system call is potentially interruptible; the programmer must usually incorporate retry code at each call.
Using only these two tools (polling, and interrupts), all the other forms of asynchronous I/O discussed above may be (and in fact, are) synthesized._NEWLINE_In an environment such as a Java Virtual Machine (JVM), asynchronous I/O can be synthesized even though the environment the JVM is running in may not offer it at all. This is due to the interpreted nature of the JVM. The JVM may poll (or take an interrupt) periodically to institute an internal flow of control change, effecting the appearance of multiple simultaneous processes, at least some of which presumably exist in order to perform asynchronous I/O. (Of course, at the microscopic level the parallelism may be rather coarse and exhibit some non-ideal characteristics, but on the surface it will appear to be as desired.)_NEWLINE_That, in fact, is the problem with using polling in any form to synthesize a different form of asynchronous I/O. Every CPU cycle that is a poll is wasted, and lost to overhead rather than  accomplishing a desired task. Every CPU cycle that is not a poll represents an increase in latency of reaction to pending I/O. Striking an acceptable balance between these two opposing forces is difficult. (This is why hardware interrupt systems were invented in the first place.)_NEWLINE_The trick to maximize efficiency is to minimize the amount of work that has to be done upon reception of an interrupt in order to awaken the appropriate application. Secondarily (but perhaps no less important) is the method the application itself uses to determine what it needs to do._NEWLINE_Particularly problematic (for application efficiency) are the exposed polling methods, including the select/poll mechanisms. Though the underlying I/O events they are interested in are in all likelihood interrupt-driven, the interaction to this mechanism is polled and can consume a large amount of time in the poll. This is particularly true of the potentially large-scale polling possible through select (and poll). Interrupts map very well to Signals, Callback functions, Completion Queues, and Event flags, such systems can be very efficient.
Upon going into force on 1 December 2014, the regulations were subject to immediate criticism, much of it arising from the debates around "female ejaculation". A Vice interview with BBFC officials indicated that apparent "female ejaculation" was regularly cut due to restrictions on urolagnia, and the difficulty of distinguishing what could be "female ejaculation" from straightforward urination. A blog for the New Statesman highlighted that many of the activities were popular in the LGBT and BDSM communities or related to expressions of female sexuality. Myles Jackman, an obscenity lawyer, expressed concerns that the regulations set a dangerous precedent and described pornography as "the canary in the coal mine" of freedom of speech._NEWLINE_The regulations were subject to a protest by opponents in Parliament Square on 12 December 2014, organised by sex worker and Clacton by-election candidate Charlotte Rose, which included a mass demonstration of facesitting and singing of the Monty Python song "Sit on My Face"._NEWLINE_One protest sign read, "Urine for a shock if you expect us to stop." Rose and other female erotic performers expressed concern that the regulations were approved without a vote or public consent, and that the changes could be indicative of further changes to obscenity law._NEWLINE_In response to the controversy, Julian Huppert, the Liberal Democrat MP for Cambridge, laid down an Early Day Motion seeking a debate to annul the regulations, which was signed by fellow Lib Dem MPs David Ward and John Leech, and independent MP Mike Hancock. Huppert stated that any regulations on sex or pornography should be based on issues of consent or risk and not "moral objection. Huppert's EDM also received support from Deputy Prime Minister and Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg, who stated that politicians should not be in a role to judge anybody's sexual behaviour, and that supporting sexual freedom was a "classic liberal assertion".
Before European settlement of Australia, Makassan trepangers from southwest Sulawesi established trading contact with Indigenous communities in northern Australia as early as 1640. They constructed outdoor factories to process trepang, a type of sea cucumber prized by Chinese traders, but did not establish permanent settlements in Australia._NEWLINE_At the height of the trade, Makassans visited thousands of kilometres of Australian coastline, arriving with the monsoon season each December. Their boats (perahu), carried up to 30 crew members and it is estimated that as many as 1,000 trepangers arrived each year. The crews established temporary settlements at various points along the coast to boil and dry the trepang before returning home to sell their cargo. Marege, meaning 'wild country' was their name for Arnhem Land, from the Cobourg Peninsula to Groote Eylandt in the Gulf of Carpentaria._NEWLINE_Using Daeng Rangka, the last Makassan trepanger to visit Australia, lived well into the 20th century, and first made the voyage to northern Australia as a young man. He recalled generally positive but occasionally conflicting relationships with Indigenous Australians, and was the first trepanger to pay the South Australian government trepanging licence in 1883, an impost that made the trade less viable. The trade continued to dwindle toward the end of the 19th century due to the imposition of customs duties and licence fees. This decline was probably compounded by overfishing. Using Daeng Rangka commanded the last perahu, which left Arnhem Land in 1907._NEWLINE_There is significant evidence of contact with Makassan fishers in the rock art and bark painting of northern Australia, with the perahu featuring prominently in many locations. Studies by anthropologists have also found traditions that indicate Makassans negotiated for the right to fish certain waters. The exchange involved the trade of cloth, tobacco, metal axes and knives, rice and gin. The Yolgnu of Arnhem land also traded turtle-shell, pearls and cypress pine, and some were employed as trepangers._NEWLINE_A Makassan pidgin became a lingua franca along the north coast, not just between Makassan and Aboriginal people, but also between different Aboriginal groups, who were brought into greater contact with one another by the seafaring Makassar culture. Words from the Makassarese language (related to the Javanese and Indonesian languages) can still be found in Aboriginal language varieties of the north coast; examples include rupiah (money), jama (work) and balanda (white person). It is speculated that the Makassans may have also been the first to introduce Islam to Australia.
From the 1870s, Indonesians were recruited to work in the pearling and sugar cane industries in northern Australia. Around 1,000 Indonesians were living in Australia by Federation in 1901, almost all in Queensland and Western Australia. With the introduction of the White Australia policy at this time, most sugar workers returned to Indonesia, although some pearl divers remained._NEWLINE_During World War II, many Indonesian nationalists were based in Melbourne. Following the surrender of Japan, Australian forces participated in the occupation of eastern Indonesia in coordination with the British South East Asia Command's occupation of Java. As Allies during the War, Australia and Britain say they were both under obligations to help the Netherlands restore their occupation over the former Dutch East Indies. Australian forces participated in the Borneo campaign alongside US forces against the Japanese, including the Battle of Balikpapan in 1945. On 17 August 1945, Indonesian nationalist leaders Sukarno and Mohammed Hatta proclaimed the independence of the Republic of Indonesia.
Despite sympathies among the political left for the Indonesian National Revolution, Australia cautiously withheld de facto recognition of the Republic of Indonesia until 9 July 1947, albeit only over the regions of Java, Sumatra, and Madura. Following disagreements over negotiations with Indonesian republicans, the Netherlands launched a major military offensive (Operation Product) in Java and Sumatra on 20 July 1947. From that point until the Netherlands' recognition of Indonesia's sovereignty in December 1949, Australian waterside workers banned Dutch vessels and vessels taking munitions and equipment to Indonesia which became known as the "Black Armada"._NEWLINE_Australia referred the conflict to the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) on 30 July 1947, naming the Netherlands as the violators of the peace. Later, Australia raised the matter of Indonesia's decolonisation in the United Nations. Two days later, the UNSC ordered a cease-fire and established a committee to broker a truce and a renewal of negotiations. The Indonesian Republic nominated Australia to sit on the committee, which produced the Renville Agreement of January 1948. The Dutch launched a second major military offensive (Operation Crow) and occupied Republican-held territory in Java. Following the Dutch–Indonesian Round Table Conference from August to November 1949, the Republic's sovereignty over Indonesia was officially recognised by the Netherlands in December 1949. The Australian government, led by Robert Menzies, was amongst the first to recognise the new state._NEWLINE_Both countries afforded each other most favoured nation with respect to trade and tariffs in 1959, an agreement which has continued to the present day with the exception of 1970–1972.
Kundra started his career by winning the prestigious title of Mr. India in 2007. On 31 March 2007, Kundra was named as the winner of the title by Priyanka chopra. He also won the title of Mr. Photogenic during that same event._NEWLINE_At the age of 21, Kundr was one of the youngest Mr. India title winners ever. Because he was still in college and technology being close to his heart, Kundr went back to university to complete his degree._NEWLINE_After successfully completing his software engineering education, Kundr received job offer letters from Accenture and Birlasoft technologies to start working with them as a software engineer, but he decided to follow his passion and pursue a career in the media industry._NEWLINE_Flooded with offers from various brands and fashion designers that wanted him to endorse them and be the face of their brand. Kundr hired the international modeling agency Elite model management to manage his career, brand endorsements, contracts, and PR and film promotions._NEWLINE_In 2010, Kundr was selected as the global face of HSBC bank and for a campaign shoot in Hong Kong._NEWLINE_In 2011, a short film titled 'To, Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi', in which Kundr played the protagonist, was selected to feature at the Venice film festival. The film is a love story set around the partition of India in 1947 and it won great reviews. Subsequently, Kundr was offered many roles in the Indian television and film industry._NEWLINE_Kundra successfully played the role of 'King Bharat' in the stage adaptation of one of India's greatest India epics 'Ramayana'. The series was performed in a Broadway format and subsequently aired on LifeOK channel.._NEWLINE_Kundr also played a pivotal role in a Police drama series called 'Shapath'._NEWLINE_Kundr also was very successfully in India's advertising, modeling and acting industry. For almost a decade he was one of the leading commercial advertising faces of the country._NEWLINE_Eventually, after reaching the epitome of his career and after gaining vast experience in the media industry including advertising, fashion, films and TV, Bahrat started to pursue a career in the business side of the media Industry, and he started his own firm of Business and Management Consultancy._NEWLINE_Among his first clients was a Mumbai-based architecture and design firm responsible for the design of the homes of many Bollywood celebrities including Ranbir kapoor , Katrina Kaif, Hrithik Roshan. Kundr was working with the firm on a full-time basis and helped streamline and structure to increase their productivity and annual turnover.
Subcellular location analysis was one of the initial problems in this field. In its supervised mode, the problem is to learn a classifier that can recognize images from the major cell organelles based on images._NEWLINE_Methods used are based on machine learning, building a discriminative classifier based on numeric features computed from the image. Features are either generic features from computer vision, such as Haralick texture features or features specially designed to capture biological factors (e.g., co-localization with a nuclear marker being a typical example)._NEWLINE_For the basic problem of identifying organelles, very high accuracy values can be obtained, including better than ? results. These methods are useful in basic cell biology research, but have also been applied to the discovery of proteins whose location changes in cancer cells._NEWLINE_However, classification into organelles is a limited form of the problem as many proteins will localize to multiple locations simultaneously (mixed patterns) and many patterns can be distinguished even though they are not different membrane-bound components. There are several unsolved problems in this area and research is ongoing.
There are several packages that make bioimage informatics methods available through a graphical user interface such as ImageJ, FIJI, CellProfiler or Icy. Visualization and analysis platforms such as Vaa3D have appeared in recent years and have been used in both large scale projects especially for neuroscience and desktop applications. _NEWLINE_Other researchers develop their own methods, typically based on a programming language with good computer vision support such as Python, C++, or MATLAB.  The Mahotas library for Python is one popular example. Although, examples of researcher developed methods in programming languages with less computer vision support as R exist (e.g. trackdem ).
The BSL system includes data acquisition hardware with built-in universal amplifiers to record and condition electrical signals from the heart, muscle, nerve, brain, eye, respiratory system, and tissue preparations. The data acquisition system receives the signals from electrodes and transducers. The electrical signals are extremely small—with amplitudes sometimes in the microVolt (1/1,000,000 of a volt) range—so the hardware amplifies these signals, filters out unwanted electrical noise or interfering signals, and converts them to a set of numbers that the computer can read. Biopac Student Lab software then displays the numbers as waveforms on the monitor._NEWLINE_The data acquisition system connects to a PC running Windows or Macintosh operating systems, via USB. The electrodes and transducers employ sensors that allow the software to communicate with the students to ensure that they are using the correct devices and collecting good data. Software guides students by using onscreen instructions and a detailed lab manual follows the scientific method. Once students have collected data, they use analysis tools to measure the amplitude and frequency, plus a wide range of other values from the electrical signals. The analysis process allows students to make general comparisons with the data. They can compare their results to published normal values, or the values before and after a subject performed a specified task. They can also compare results with other students in the lab. The software is available in English, French, Spanish, Italian, Japanese and Chinese._NEWLINE_The Biopac Student Lab System is widely used by undergraduate labs to teach physiology, pharmacology, biology, neuroscience, psychology, psychophysiology, exercise physiology, and biomedical engineering. Publishers have adopted the curriculum materials and included them in commercially available lab manuals.
Herbold received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Cincinnati. He also studied at Case Western Reserve University from which he holds both a master's degree in mathematics and a Ph.D. in computer science._NEWLINE_He spent 26 years at The Procter & Gamble Company. In his last 5 years with P&G, he served as senior vice president of advertising and information services. In that role, he was responsible for the company’s worldwide marketing/brand management operations as well as all marketing related services such as media and retail promotion programs. He was also responsible for the worldwide information technology and market research organizations._NEWLINE_He joined Microsoft in 1994 as executive vice president and chief operating officer, retiring in 2001. During his tenure in that position, he was responsible for finance, corporate marketing, market research, manufacturing and distribution, information systems, human resources, and public relations. During his 7 years as COO, Microsoft experienced a fourfold increase in revenue and a sevenfold increase in profits. From 2001 to 2003, he worked half-time for Microsoft as Executive Vice President assisting in government, industry, and customer issues._NEWLINE_He is a regular guest commentator and has appeared on CNBC's Sqwak Box, Power Lunch, Kudlow Report and Fox Business Network. “Inside Microsoft: Balancing Discipline and Creativity,” his article on profitability and agility was published in the January 2002 issue of Harvard Business Review. "China vs. America: Which Is the Developing Country?" was published July 9, 2011 in Wall Street Journal._NEWLINE_He sits on several non-profit boards, including The Heritage Foundation and the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. He is an adjunct professor in the business school at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore, and president of The Herbold Foundation, which provides college scholarships to science and engineering students._NEWLINE_Herbold is married to Patricia L. Herbold, the former United States Ambassador to the Republic of Singapore. They have three grown children.
The C programming language manages memory statically, automatically, or dynamically. Static-duration variables are allocated in main memory, usually along with the executable code of the program, and persist for the lifetime of the program; automatic-duration variables are allocated on the stack and come and go as functions are called and return. For static-duration and automatic-duration variables, the size of the allocation must be compile-time constant (except for the case of variable-length automatic arrays). If the required size is not known until run-time (for example, if data of arbitrary size is being read from the user or from a disk file), then using fixed-size data objects is inadequate._NEWLINE_The lifetime of allocated memory can also cause concern.  Neither static- nor automatic-duration memory is adequate for all situations. Automatic-allocated data cannot persist across multiple function calls, while static data persists for the life of the program whether it is needed or not. In many situations the programmer requires greater flexibility in managing the lifetime of allocated memory._NEWLINE_These limitations are avoided by using dynamic memory allocation, in which memory is more explicitly (but more flexibly) managed, typically by allocating it from the free store (informally called the "heap"), an area of memory structured for this purpose. In C, the library function malloc is used to allocate a block of memory on the heap. The program accesses this block of memory via a pointer that malloc returns.  When the memory is no longer needed, the pointer is passed to free which deallocates the memory so that it can be used for other purposes._NEWLINE_The original description of C indicated that calloc and cfree were in the standard library, but not malloc.  Code for a simple model implementation of a storage manager for Unix was given with alloc and free as the user interface functions, and using the sbrk system call to request memory from the operating system.  The 6ᵗʰ Edition Unix documentation gives alloc and free as the low-level memory allocation functions.  The malloc and free routines in their modern form are completely described in the 7ᵗʰ Edition Unix manual._NEWLINE_Some platforms provide library or intrinsic function calls which allow run-time dynamic allocation from the C stack rather than the heap (e.g. alloca()). This memory is automatically freed when the calling function ends.
malloc returns a void pointer (void *), which indicates that it is a pointer to a region of unknown data type. The use of casting is required in C++ due to the strong type system, whereas this is not the case in C. The lack of a specific pointer type returned from malloc is type-unsafe behaviour according to some programmers: malloc allocates based on byte count but not on type. This is different from the C++ new operator that returns a pointer whose type relies on the operand. (See C Type Safety.)_NEWLINE_One may "cast" (see type conversion) this pointer to a specific type:_NEWLINE_int *ptr;ptr = malloc(10 * sizeof(*ptr));/* without a cast */ptr = (int *)malloc(10 * sizeof(*ptr));/* with a cast */_NEWLINE_There are advantages and disadvantages to performing such a cast.
The implementation of memory management depends greatly upon operating system and architecture.  Some operating systems supply an allocator for malloc, while others supply functions to control certain regions of data. The same dynamic memory allocator is often used to implement both malloc and the operator new in C++.
Implementation of the allocator is commonly done using the heap, or data segment.  The allocator will usually expand and contract the heap to fulfill allocation requests._NEWLINE_The heap method suffers from a few inherent flaws, stemming entirely from fragmentation.  Like any method of memory allocation, the heap will become fragmented; that is, there will be sections of used and unused memory in the allocated space on the heap.  A good allocator will attempt to find an unused area of already allocated memory to use before resorting to expanding the heap. The major problem with this method is that the heap has only two significant attributes:  base, or the beginning of the heap in virtual memory space; and length, or its size.  The heap requires enough system memory to fill its entire length, and its base can never change.  Thus, any large areas of unused memory are wasted.  The heap can get "stuck" in this position if a small used segment exists at the end of the heap, which could waste any amount of address space.  On lazy memory allocation schemes, such as those often found in the Linux operating system, a large heap does not necessarily reserve the equivalent system memory; it will only do so at the first write time (reads of non-mapped memory pages return zero). The granularity of this depends on page size.
Doug Lea has developed dlmalloc ("Doug Lea's Malloc") as a general-purpose allocator, starting in 1987. The GNU C library (glibc) uses ptmalloc, an allocator based on dlmalloc._NEWLINE_Memory on the heap is allocated as "chunks", an 8-byte aligned data structure which contains a header, and usable memory. Allocated memory contains an 8 or 16 byte overhead for the size of the chunk and usage flags. Unallocated chunks also store pointers to other free chunks in the usable space area, making the minimum chunk size 16 bytes on 32-bit systems and 24/32 (depends on alignment) bytes on 64-bit systems._NEWLINE_Unallocated memory is grouped into "bins" of similar sizes, implemented by using a double-linked list of chunks (with pointers stored in the unallocated space inside the chunk)._NEWLINE_For requests below 256 bytes (a "smallbin" request), a simple two power best fit allocator is used. If there are no free blocks in that bin, a block from the next highest bin is split in two._NEWLINE_For requests of 256 bytes or above but below the mmap threshold, recent versions of dlmalloc use an in-place bitwise trie algorithm. If there is no free space left to satisfy the request, dlmalloc tries to increase the size of the heap, usually via the brk system call._NEWLINE_For requests above the mmap threshold (a "largebin" request), the memory is always allocated using the mmap system call. The threshold is usually 256 KB. The mmap method averts problems with huge buffers trapping a small allocation at the end after their expiration, but always allocates an entire page of memory, which on many architectures is 4096 bytes in size.
Operating system kernels need to allocate memory just as application programs do. The implementation of malloc within a kernel often differs significantly from the implementations used by C libraries, however. For example, memory buffers might need to conform to special restrictions imposed by DMA, or the memory allocation function might be called from interrupt context. This necessitates a malloc implementation tightly integrated with the virtual memory subsystem of the operating system kernel.
Because  malloc and its relatives can have a strong impact on the performance of a program, it is not uncommon to override the functions for a specific application by custom implementations that are optimized for application's allocation patterns. The C standard provides no way of doing this, but operating systems have found various ways to do this by exploiting dynamic linking. One way is to simply link in a different library to override the symbols. Another, employed by Unix System V.3, is to make malloc and free function pointers that an application can reset to custom functions.
The largest possible memory block malloc can allocate depends on the host system, particularly the size of physical memory and the operating system implementation. Theoretically, the largest number should be the maximum value that can be held in a size_t type, which is an implementation-dependent unsigned integer representing the size of an area of memory. In the C99 standard and later, it is available as the SIZE_MAX constant from <stdint.h>. Although not guaranteed by ISO C, it is usually  2 − 1.
Cuckoo hashing is a form of open addressing in which each non-empty cell of a hash table contains a key or key–value pair. A hash function is used to determine the location for each key, and its presence in the table (or the value associated with it) can be found by examining that cell of the table. However, open addressing suffers from collisions, which happen when more than one key is mapped to the same cell._NEWLINE_The basic idea of cuckoo hashing is to resolve collisions by using two hash functions instead of only one. This provides two possible locations in the hash table for each key. In one of the commonly used variants of the algorithm, the hash table is split into two smaller tables of equal size, and each hash function provides an index into one of these two tables. It is also possible for both hash functions to provide indexes into a single table._NEWLINE_Lookup requires inspection of just two locations in the hash table, which takes constant time in the worst case. This is in contrast to many other hash table algorithms, which may not have a constant worst-case bound on the time to do a lookup. Deletions, also, may be performed by blanking the cell containing a key, in constant worst case time, more simply than some other schemes such as linear probing._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_When a new key is inserted, and one of its two cells is empty, it may be placed in that cell. However, when both cells are already full, it will be necessary to move other keys to their second locations (or back to their first locations) to make room for the new key. A greedy algorithm is used: The new key is inserted in one of its two possible locations, "kicking out", that is, displacing, any key that might already reside in this location. This displaced key is then inserted in its alternative location, again kicking out any key that might reside there. The process continues in the same way until an empty position is found, completing the algorithm. However, it is possible for this insertion process to fail, by entering an infinite loop or by finding a very long chain (longer than a preset threshold that is logarithmic in the table size). In this case, the hash table is rebuilt in-place using new hash functions:_NEWLINE_There is no need to allocate new tables for the rehashing: We may simply run through the tables to delete and perform the usual insertion procedure on all keys found not to be at their intended position in the table._NEWLINE_— Pagh & Rodler, "Cuckoo Hashing"
Insertions succeed in expected constant time, even considering the possibility of having to rebuild the table, as long as the number of keys is kept below half of the capacity of the hash table, i.e., the load factor is below 50%._NEWLINE_One method of proving this uses the theory of random graphs: one may form an undirected graph called the "cuckoo graph" that has a vertex for each hash table location, and an edge for each hashed value, with the endpoints of the edge being the two possible locations of the value. Then, the greedy insertion algorithm for adding a set of values to a cuckoo hash table succeeds if and only if the cuckoo graph for this set of values is a pseudoforest, a graph with at most one cycle in each of its connected components. Any vertex-induced subgraph with more edges than vertices corresponds to a set of keys for which there are an insufficient number of slots in the hash table. When the hash function is chosen randomly, the cuckoo graph is a random graph in the Erdős–Rényi model. With high probability, for a random graph in which the ratio of the number of edges to the number of vertices is bounded below 1/2, the graph is a pseudoforest and the cuckoo hashing algorithm succeeds in placing all keys. Moreover, the same theory also proves that the expected size of a connected component of the cuckoo graph is small, ensuring that each insertion takes constant expected time.
Several variations of cuckoo hashing have been studied, primarily with the aim of improving its space usage by increasing the load factor that it can tolerate to a number greater than the 50% threshold of the basic algorithm. Some of these methods can also be used to reduce the failure rate of cuckoo hashing, causing rebuilds of the data structure to be much less frequent._NEWLINE_Generalizations of cuckoo hashing that use more than two alternative hash functions can be expected to utilize a larger part of the capacity of the hash table efficiently while sacrificing some lookup and insertion speed. Using just three hash functions increases the load to 91%._NEWLINE_Another generalization of cuckoo hashing, called blocked cuckoo hashing consists in using more than one key per bucket. Using just 2 keys per bucket permits a load factor above 80%._NEWLINE_Another variation of cuckoo hashing that has been studied is cuckoo hashing with a stash. The stash, in this data structure, is an array of a constant number of keys, used to store keys that cannot successfully be inserted into the main hash table of the structure. This modification reduces the failure rate of cuckoo hashing to an inverse-polynomial function with an exponent that can be made arbitrarily large by increasing the stash size. However, larger stashes also mean slower searches for keys that are not present or are in the stash. A stash can be used in combination with more than two hash functions or with blocked cuckoo hashing to achieve both high load factors and small failure rates. The analysis of cuckoo hashing with a stash extends to practical hash functions, not just to the random hash function model commonly used in theoretical analysis of hashing._NEWLINE_Some people recommend a simplified generalization of cuckoo hashing called skewed-associative cache in some CPU caches._NEWLINE_Another variation of a cuckoo hash table, called a cuckoo filter, replaces the stored keys of a cuckoo hash table with much shorter fingerprints, computed by applying another hash function to the keys. In order to allow these fingerprints to be moved around within the cuckoo filter, without knowing the keys that they came from, the two locations of each fingerprint may be computed from each other by a bitwise exclusive or operation with the fingerprint, or with a hash of the fingerprint. This data structure forms an approximate set membership data structure with much the same properties as a Bloom filter: it can store the members of a set of keys, and test whether a query key is a member, with some chance of false positives (queries that are incorrectly reported as being part of the set) but no false negatives. However, it improves on a Bloom filter in multiple respects: its memory usage is smaller by a constant factor, it has better locality of reference, and (unlike Bloom filters) it allows for fast deletion of set elements with no additional storage penalty.
In computational complexity the decision tree model is the model of computation in which an algorithm is considered to be basically a decision tree, i.e., a sequence of branching operations based on comparisons of some quantities, the comparisons being assigned unit computational cost._NEWLINE_The branching operations are called "tests" or "queries". In this setting the algorithm in question may be viewed as a computation of a Boolean function  where the input is a series of queries and the output is the final decision. Each query may be dependent on previous queries._NEWLINE_Several variants of decision tree models have been introduced, depending on the complexity of the operations allowed in the computation of a single comparison and the way of branching._NEWLINE_Decision trees models are instrumental in establishing lower bounds for complexity theory for certain classes of computational problems and algorithms.  The computational complexity of a problem or an algorithm expressed in terms of the decision tree model is called its decision tree complexity or query complexity.
The model in which every decision is based on the comparison of two numbers within constant time is called a decision tree model. It was introduced to establish computational complexity of sorting and searching._NEWLINE_The simplest illustration of this lower bound technique is for the problem of finding the smallest number among  numbers using only comparisons. In this case the decision tree model is a binary tree. Algorithms for this searching problem may result in  different outcomes (since any of the  given numbers may turn out to be the smallest one). It is known that the depth of a binary tree with  leaves is at least , which gives a lower bound of  for the searching problem.  _NEWLINE_However this lower bound is known to be slack, since the following simple argument shows that at least  comparisons are needed: Before the smallest number can be determined, every number except the smallest must "lose" (compare greater) in at least one comparison._NEWLINE_Along the same lines a lower bound of  for sorting may be proved.  In this case, the existence of numerous comparison-sorting algorithms having this time complexity, such as mergesort and heapsort, demonstrates that the bound is tight.
The nondeterministic decision tree complexity of a function is known more commonly as the certificate complexity of that function.  It measures the number of input bits that a nondeterministic algorithm would need to look at in order to evaluate the function with certainty.
Schemata "00##0", "1###1", "01###", and "##0##" have defining lengths of 4, 4, 1, and 0, respectively. Lengths are computed by determining the last fixed position and subtracting from it the first fixed position._NEWLINE_In genetic algorithms as the defining length of a solution increases so does the susceptibility of the solution to disruption due to mutation or cross-over.
Like several other religious groups in India, the Dera Sacha Sauda has organised large-scale blood donation camps. In December 2003, a camp held on the death anniversary of its former guru attracted 15,432 donors. In October 2004, the Dera broke its own record during the mortuary ceremony of Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh's father. This time it attracted 17,921 donors, and collected 12,002,450 ml units of blood in a single day. This was recognised by the Guinness World Records as the largest ever amount of blood collected on a single day._NEWLINE_The official publication of Dera Sacha Sauda claims that the world record was created by "sheer chance", thus denying the suggestions that it was a show-off for media attention and the glorification of their guru. However, in 2003, the Dera had sent an e-mail to the Guinness Book compilers, seeking clarifications on the conditions that needed to be met to break the previous record. During the donation exercise, the Dera had meticulously collected proofs needed to qualify for the world record. After creating the record, several Dera devotees also stated that their aim was to create the record._NEWLINE_Doctors have criticised the "ostentatious" mass blood donation camps organised by Dera Sacha Sauda as wasteful. According to the director of the Shiv Shakti blood bank in Sirsa, most of the blood collected in Dera's camps gets wasted. Moreover, the devotees don't respond to the blood bank's requests for blood donations at other times, when there is need for blood donation.
Tests used for the diagnosis of HIV infection in a particular person require a high degree of both sensitivity and specificity. In the United States, this is achieved using an algorithm combining two tests for HIV antibodies. If antibodies are detected by an initial test based on the ELISA method, then a second test using the Western blot procedure determines the size of the antigens in the test kit binding to the antibodies. The combination of these two methods is highly accurate (see below).
Rapid antibody tests are qualitative immunoassays intended for use in point-of-care testing to aid in the diagnosis of HIV infection. These tests should be used in conjunction with the clinical status, history, and risk factors of the person being tested. The positive predictive value of Rapid Antibody Tests in low-risk populations has not been evaluated. These tests should be used in appropriate multi-test algorithms designed for statistical validation of rapid HIV test results._NEWLINE_If no antibodies to HIV are detected, this does not mean the person has not been infected with HIV. It may take several months after HIV infection for the antibody response to reach detectable levels, during which time rapid testing for antibodies to HIV will not be indicative of true infection status. For most people, HIV antibodies reach a detectable level after two to six weeks._NEWLINE_Although these tests have high specificity, false positives do occur. Any positive test result should be confirmed by a lab using the western blot.
Miles was born in Victoria, Texas in 1957 and grew up in Bessemer, Alabama. She learned to make traditional Southern desserts like pecan pie, lemon meringue pie and peach cobbler from her mother Cora Mae. Miles graduated from Wenonah High School in 1975 and attended Alabama A&M University and Lawson State Community College where she studied computer science. To help pay her way through college, she began working as a cook in Homewood, Alabama.
Initially, KICSIT offered Bachelor of Science in Computer Science (BSCS) program in affiliation with Gomal University, D I Khan. Later in 2001, 4-year Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology (BEIT) programme was started in affiliation with University of Engineering and Technology (UET), Taxila. Since Spring 2013 BEIT has been converted into BSIT (Bachelor of Science in Information Technology) which is approved by National Computing Education Accreditations Council (NCEAC). BSIT is run in affiliation with UET Taxila.
The Bachelor of Science in Computer Science (BSCS) Degree program is affiliated with University of Engineering & Technology, Taxila. The medium of instruction at KICSIT is English except for Islamic Studies._NEWLINE_Each semester comprises sixteen weeks of teaching. Mid Semester Examination are held after eighth week. The seventeenth week shall be of preparatory holidays for End Semester Examination which shall be held in the eighteenth week.
The first versions of Microsoft Windows ran programs together in a single address space. Every program was meant to co-operate by yielding the CPU to other programs so that the graphical user interface (GUI) could multitask and be maximally responsive. All operating-system level operations were provided by the underlying operating system: MS-DOS. All higher-level services were provided by Windows Libraries "Dynamic Link Library". The Drawing API, Graphics Device Interface (GDI), was implemented in a DLL called GDI.EXE, the user interface in USER.EXE. These extra layers on top of DOS had to be shared across all running Windows programs, not just to enable Windows to work in a machine with less than a megabyte of RAM, but to enable the programs to co-operate with each other. The code in GDI needed to translate drawing commands to operations on specific devices. On the display, it had to manipulate pixels in the frame buffer. When drawing to a printer, the API calls had to be transformed into requests to a printer. Although it could have been possible to provide hard-coded support for a limited set of devices (like the Color Graphics Adapter display, the HP LaserJet Printer Command Language), Microsoft chose a different approach. GDI would work by loading different pieces of code, called "device drivers", to work with different output devices._NEWLINE_The same architectural concept that allowed GDI to load different device drivers is that which allowed the Windows shell to load different Windows programs, and for these programs to invoke API calls from the shared USER and GDI libraries. That concept was "dynamic linking"._NEWLINE_In a conventional non-shared "static" library, sections of code are simply added to the calling program when its executable is built at the "linking" phase; if two programs call the same routine, the routine is included in both the programs during the linking stage of the two. With dynamic linking, shared code is placed into a single, separate file. The programs that call this file are connected to it at run time, with the operating system (or, in the case of early versions of Windows, the OS-extension), performing the binding._NEWLINE_For those early versions of Windows (1.0 to 3.11), the DLLs were the foundation for the entire GUI. As such, display drivers were merely DLLs with a .DRV extension that provided custom implementations of the same drawing API through a unified device driver interface (DDI), and the Drawing (GDI) and GUI (USER) APIs were merely the function calls exported by the GDI and USER, system DLLs with .EXE extension._NEWLINE_This notion of building up the operating system from a collection of dynamically loaded libraries is a core concept of Windows that persists as of 2015._NEWLINE_DLLs provide the standard benefits of shared libraries, such as modularity. Modularity allows changes to be made to code and data in a single self-contained DLL shared by several applications without any change to the applications themselves._NEWLINE_Another benefit of modularity is the use of generic interfaces for plug-ins. A single interface may be developed which allows old as well as new modules to be integrated seamlessly at run-time into pre-existing applications, without any modification to the application itself. This concept of dynamic extensibility is taken to the extreme with the Component Object Model, the underpinnings of ActiveX._NEWLINE_In Windows 1.x, 2.x and 3.x, all Windows applications shared the same address space as well as the same memory. A DLL was only loaded once into this address space; from then on, all programs using the library accessed it. The library's data was shared across all the programs. This could be used as an indirect form of inter-process communication, or it could accidentally corrupt the different programs. With the introduction of 32-bit libraries in Windows 95 every process ran in its own address space. While the DLL code may be shared, the data is private except where shared data is explicitly requested by the library. That said, large swathes of Windows 95, Windows 98 and Windows Me were built from 16-bit libraries, which limited the performance of the Pentium Pro microprocessor when launched, and ultimately limited the stability and scalability of the DOS-based versions of Windows._NEWLINE_Although DLLs are the core of the Windows architecture, they have several drawbacks, collectively called "DLL hell"._NEWLINE_As of 2015 Microsoft promotes .NET Framework as one solution to the problems of DLL hell, although they now promote virtualization-based solutions such as Microsoft Virtual PC and Microsoft Application Virtualization, because they offer superior isolation between applications. An alternative mitigating solution to DLL hell has been to implement side-by-side assembly.
Since DLLs are essentially the same as EXEs, the choice of which to produce as part of the linking process is for clarity, since it is possible to export functions and data from either._NEWLINE_It is not possible to directly execute a DLL, since it requires an EXE for the operating system to load it through an entry point, hence the existence of utilities like RUNDLL.EXE or RUNDLL32.EXE which provide the entry point and minimal framework for DLLs that contain enough functionality to execute without much support._NEWLINE_DLLs provide a mechanism for shared code and data, allowing a developer of shared code/data to upgrade functionality without requiring applications to be re-linked or re-compiled.  From the application development point of view Windows and OS/2 can be thought of as a collection of DLLs that are upgraded, allowing applications for one version of the OS to work in a later one, provided that the OS vendor has ensured that the interfaces and functionality are compatible._NEWLINE_DLLs execute in the memory space of the calling process and with the same access permissions which means there is little overhead in their use but also that there is no protection for the calling EXE if the DLL has any sort of bug.
Normally, an application that is linked against a DLL’s import library will fail to start if the DLL cannot be found, because Windows will not run the application unless it can find all of the DLLs that the application may need. However an application may be linked against an import library to allow delayed loading of the dynamic library._NEWLINE_In this case the operating system will not try to find or load the DLL when the application starts; instead, a stub is included in the application by the linker which will try to find and load the DLL through LoadLibrary and GetProcAddress when one of its functions is called. If the DLL cannot be found or loaded, or the called function does not exist, the application will generate an exception, which may be caught and handled appropriately. If the application does not handle the exception, it will be caught by the operating system, which will terminate the program with an error message._NEWLINE_The delay-loading mechanism also provides notification hooks, allowing the application to perform additional processing or error handling when the DLL is loaded and/or any DLL function is called.
Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC) provides several extensions to standard C++ which allow functions to be specified as imported or exported directly in the C++ code; these have been adopted by other Windows C and C++ compilers, including Windows versions of GCC. These extensions use the attribute __declspec before a function declaration. Note that when C functions are accessed from C++, they must also be declared as extern "C" in C++ code, to inform the compiler that the C linkage should be used._NEWLINE_Besides specifying imported or exported functions using __declspec attributes, they may be listed in IMPORT or EXPORTS section of the DEF file used by the project. The DEF file is processed by the linker, rather than the compiler, and thus it is not specific to C++._NEWLINE_DLL compilation will produce both DLL and LIB files. The LIB file is used to link against a DLL at compile-time; it is not necessary for run-time linking. Unless your DLL is a Component Object Model (COM) server, the DLL file must be placed in one of the directories listed in the PATH environment variable, in the default system directory, or in the same directory as the program using it. COM server DLLs are registered using regsvr32.exe, which places the DLL's location and its globally unique ID (GUID) in the registry. Programs can then use the DLL by looking up its GUID in the registry to find its location or create an instance of the COM object indirectly using its class identifier and interface identifier.
The following examples show how to use language-specific bindings to import symbols for linking against a DLL at compile-time._NEWLINE_Delphi_NEWLINE_{$APPTYPE CONSOLE}program Example;// import function that adds two numbersfunction AddNumbers(a, b : Double): Double; StdCall; external 'Example.dll';// main programvar_NEWLINE_   R: Double;begin_NEWLINE_  R := AddNumbers(1, 2);_NEWLINE_  Writeln('The result was: ', R);end._NEWLINE_C_NEWLINE_Make sure you include Example.lib file (assuming that Example.dll is generated) in the project (Add Existing Item option for Project!) before static linking. The file Example.lib is automatically generated by the compiler when compiling the DLL. Not executing the above statement would cause linking error as the linker would not know where to find the definition of AddNumbers. You also need to copy the DLL Example.dll to the location where the .exe file would be generated by the following code._NEWLINE_#include <windows.h>#include <stdio.h>// Import function that adds two numbersextern "C" __declspec(dllimport) double AddNumbers(double a, double b);int main(int argc, char *argv[]){_NEWLINE_    double result = AddNumbers(1, 2);_NEWLINE_    printf("The result was: %f\n", result);_NEWLINE_    return 0;}
Warning: the following code is vulnerable; it doesn't conform to Microsoft's guidance for safe library loading!_NEWLINE_import ctypesmy_dll = ctypes.cdll.LoadLibrary("Example.dll")# The following "restype" method specification is needed to make# Python understand what type is returned by the function.my_dll.AddNumbers.restype = ctypes.c_doublep = my_dll.AddNumbers(ctypes.c_double(1.0), ctypes.c_double(2.0))print "The result was:", p
The EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface) system partition  or ESP is a partition on a data storage device (usually a hard disk drive or solid-state drive) that is used by computers adhering to the Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI).  When a computer is booted, UEFI firmware loads files stored on the ESP to start installed operating systems and various utilities._NEWLINE_An ESP contains the boot loaders or kernel images for all installed operating systems (which are contained in other partitions), device driver files for hardware devices present in a computer and used by the firmware at boot time, system utility programs that are intended to be run before an operating system is booted, and data files such as error logs.
eNlight Cloud comes with a web-based management panel, a type of control panel developed using the PHP & Python scripting language, used to create VMs, edit VM settings, start, shutdown and reboot VMs, forecast VM bills and perform critical operations. The eNlight management panel is a browser-based panel and can be accessed on the Internet. The panel can be used to monitor the performance of VMs, view stats of VMs as well as take snapshots, monitor the RAM and CPU usage along with the amount spent on an hourly, daily and monthly basis._NEWLINE_It supports public API, Operation Job Scheduling and Role-based user access. Users can also build custom application templates and deploy on eNlight Cloud for scalability.
eNlight Cloud supports Windows Server as well as Linux distributions such as CentOS. However, vertical auto scaling is only supported on certain operating systems such as Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2016 (Standard and Datacenter Editions) and Linux distributions including CentOS, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, SUSE Linux, Ubuntu, Fedora, Debian and Oracle Linux. Other operating systems are supported without scaling options, such as Windows Server 2003 and Windows 7.
Technically, Exhibit is a collection of JavaScript files to be included in a web page. When Exhibit pages are loaded by a browser, the JavaScript reads in one or more JSON data files and builds a local database in the memory of the machine running the browser. Data can then be filtered and sorted directly in the browser without having to re-query the server. The design of Exhibit is optimized for browsing faceted data._NEWLINE_The Exhibit code base is currently being developed by members of the SIMILE Project at MIT.
The generic group model is an idealised cryptographic model, where the adversary is only given access to a randomly chosen encoding of a group, instead of efficient encodings, such as those used by the finite field or elliptic curve groups used in practice._NEWLINE_The model includes an oracle that executes the group operation. This oracle takes two encodings of group elements as input and outputs an encoding of a third element. If the group should allow for a pairing operation this operation would be modeled as an additional oracle. _NEWLINE_One of the main uses of the generic group model is to analyse computational hardness assumptions. An analysis in the generic group model can answer the question: "What is the fastest generic algorithm for breaking a cryptographic hardness assumption". A generic algorithm is an algorithm that only makes use of the group operation, and does not consider the encoding of the group. This question was answered for the discrete logarithm problem by Victor Shoup using the generic group model. Other results in the generic group model are for instance. The model can also be extended to other algebraic structures like rings._NEWLINE_The generic group model suffers from some of the same problems as the random oracle model. In particular, it has been shown using a similar argument that there exist cryptographic schemes which are provably secure in the generic group model but which are trivially insecure once the random group encoding is replaced with an efficiently computable instantiation of the encoding function.
Carlsson was born in Sweden and was educated in the United States. He graduated from Redwood High School (Larkspur, California) in 1969. He received a Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1976, with a dissertation written under the supervision of R. J. Milgram. He was a Dickson Assistant Professor at the University of Chicago (1976-1978) and Professor at the University of California, San Diego (1978–86), Princeton University (1986-1991), and Stanford University (1991–2015) where he held the Anne and Bill Swindells Professorship and was Chair of the Department of Mathematics from 1995 to 1998._NEWLINE_He was an Ordway Visiting Professor at the University of Minnesota (May–June 1991) and held a Sloan Foundation Research Fellowship (1984-1986). He has delivered an invited address at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berkeley, California, in 1986; a plenary address at the annual meeting of the American Mathematical Society (1984); the Whittaker Colloquium at the University of Edinburgh (2011); the Rademacher Lectures at the University of Pennsylvania (2011); and an invited plenary address at the annual meeting of the Society of Industrial and Applied Mathematics (2012)._NEWLINE_He was elected as a member of the 2017 class of Fellows of the American Mathematical Society "for contributions to algebraic topology, particularly equivariant stable homotopy theory, algebraic K-theory, and applied algebraic topology"._NEWLINE_In 2008, Carlsson cofounded Ayasdi, a predictive technology based on big data, machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Henry Stockley was born in 1892 at 10 Willow Terrace, Eynsford, Kent, the third son of ten children. William and Frances Stockley had eight boys and two girls. William Stockley was a sign writer, specialising in gold leaf and a plumber. The terrace and the interior of the Stockley house were recorded in the Channel 4 documentary on Eynsford, where we are shown one of his younger sisters, Florence Martin, at the very end of her life. Florence described life in the cottage in those early days:_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_We got our water from a well, one well between six cottages, our only lights were oil lamps and candles, no street lamps of course, but how bright the stars seemed to be.  The WC was a little walk from the house, so one had a candle in a Jam jar to light one.  Three lavs between six houses! just dirt ones at first...Our father was a master plumber but owing to ill health wasn't always able to work, so Mum did needlework, sometimes took in washing to make ends meet!  ... The road through the village was just a dirt road, very dusty, then they started to tar them ...  The only traffic was horses & carts, & if one had a bicycle one was very well off... Opposite our cottage was a stack yard where the corn was stacked ready for thrashing. Dolling had a thrashing machine, & once a year used to thrash the corn from the stacks... [Florence Martin, unpublished manuscript]_NEWLINE_The villages and landscape of North Kent, the landscape of Samuel Palmer, form an important element in Stockley's visual memory.  Two of his brothers died in infancy, and one in an accident in his early twenties. The latter's death had a significant influence on Stockley as an artist._NEWLINE_Stockley started school in a room at the Manse, High Street, Eynsford and then moved to the village school. He left school at thirteen, and started work in a slaughterhouse at the village butchers [Pockocks, Eynsford] and at an early age moved to Farnham, Surrey, where he worked in a slaughterhouse attached to T. Stratford, a Farnham Butcher. Stockley claimed in a newspaper interview that he painted slaughter house scenes, but these have not been traced.  Stockley played football for Farnham Town, and ran for the Harriers. An interest in his own physical health and prowess stayed with him throughout most of his life. On weekends he cycled from Surrey back to his home in Kent. Stockley later studied at night school and passed exams to be a meat inspector. Apart from his training as a bus driver, which he recalls in his reminiscences, Stockley on the Buses [Walker,1994], this was the limit of his formal education.  He was, as he often said, a self-taught man. He read with enthusiasm Dickens, Bunyan and George Borrow. and struck up a relationship with Arthur Mee, the compiler of the Children's Encyclopaedia, whom he used to meet off the train at Eynsford Station.  He had his own small butchers shop in Horton Kirby, Kent, for a short time.  When the First World War broke out he was directed into Vickers Armstrong at Dartford and drove ammunition all over the country for the duration of the war. He was married during this period._NEWLINE_Like so many, Stockley was deeply affected by World War I, never forgetting the friends in the Kent villages who had died.  He was against war and helped his son to avoid military service. The Cenotaph features in a number of his paintings as an exploration of his feelings of loss. After the war he moved to New Cross where he started up a small haulage business, at 80 Vanguard Street:  the business failed.  Henry always felt himself a little above the ordinary working man, not only because he was an artist.  These failed business ventures are indicative of his attempts to move away from being merely a worker. It was after the failure of his business that he applied for work as a bus driver; work was scarce and it was a regular job. He started at Reigate, Surrey and was eventually transferred to Swanley Bus Garage, his base for the rest of his working life on the buses—32 years 11 months, from 1925 to 1957. The company he worked for was called the East Surrey Bus Company and, later, London Transport.  He did not enjoy driving buses, hating the long hours, cold, discomfort, eyestrain, poor wages, berating the management and feeling isolated. He drove throughout the Second World War and recorded what he saw in a series of Blitz paintings, two of which survive: Saving St Pauls and London. He moved during the War to Oliver Crescent, Farningham._NEWLINE_His children, Helen the younger daughter, and Henry the only son, have early memories of their father executing a painting.  Son Henry remembers going to the village to buy his father paint. In a newspaper article Stockley himself said in 1932, "I have painted since I was a boy on any odd scraps of paper or canvas I found available." In addition to paper and canvas he certainly painted on linoleum, old pillow cases, beaverboard, floor boards, plywood, brown paper, a Rexine chair cover, bits of glass, and wall paper. As a painter, Stockley was completely self-taught: in that he never trained at an art school. He considered this an advantage and was pleased he had never learned perspective. His father had however learned the use of gold leaf, singwriting and leaded lights.  It is probable he restored these for Farningham Church.  Henry learned how to mix oil paints, his favourite medium, from his father.  He claimed he had special formulas for his colours. There is therefore a direct link between the 'popular art' of sign writing and Henry's art. The records of the baptisms of the Stockley family in Farningham, going back to 1819, give the profession of the fathers listed there as 'painter' or 'painter and glazier'.  In this respect Stockley's roots as an artist are in accord with the eighteenth and nineteenth century 'naive' artists James Ayres discusses in his excellent English Naive Painting 1750–1900 [Ayres, 1980:15–24]. Some of the paintings are bold and emblematic, some have the rich colours of stained glass:  Seen From The Bus uses subtle traces of gold paint subtly to suggest the glamour of evening in London._NEWLINE_Stockley, his daughter recalled, was very outspoken in his views and a man of principle, regarded by his children and grandchildren as kind. He was also well known as man with a keen sense of humour. His cartoons and writings demonstrate this vividly._NEWLINE_After his wife's death, Stockley's behaviour became increasingly eccentric, and he eventually was admitted to Mabledon, a psychiatric hospital in Dartford where he died in 1982.  He was buried in Horton Kirby graveyard, with his wife, the grave marked by a simple inscription.
Huang was born in April 1945 in Xiangshan County, Zhejiang, China. Huang did his undergraduate and postgraduate study in the Department of Mathematics, Zhejiang University._NEWLINE_After completion of his study, Huang joined the faculty of mathematics at Zhejiang university, and became a professor there in 1988. 1985-1986, he was a visiting scholar at the Department of Mathematics, University of South Carolina, United States. Huang served in several positions at Zhejiang University including the deputy director of the Department of Mathematics, the director of the Office of Academic Affairs, and the Vice-dean of Zhejiang university. 1992-1998, He was vice-president of Zhejiang University._NEWLINE_In November 1998, Huang was pointed as the vice-president of Sun Yat-sen University. In August 1999, he became President of Sun Yat-sen University._NEWLINE_Huang has been long-time active in the fields of linear operator approach, nonlinear approach & product formula, and optimum algorithm. He's also on medical image. At present, Huang is leading several national and provincial key scientific projects.
Next to giving material support to parties in the Syrian Civil War - to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) as well as to other Islamist rebel groups - who would fight the Democratic Federation of Northern Syria, Turkey has across the border shelled population centers in northern Syria, causing property damage but also injury and death of civilians. Turkey has also been accused of actively supporting the indiscriminate shelling of civilian population centers by opposition militias, causing 1,000 civilian deaths in the Sheikh Maqsood neighbourhood of Aleppo alone._NEWLINE_Frequently accusations are made from local sources as well as Democratic Federation of Northern Syria authorities against Tukish border guards shooting to kill at civilians at the border. In one of the most prominent of such accusations, a report from ANF on 28 September 2016 alleged that "Turkish soldiers kill 17 civilians on Rojava border in two days", building on a report of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights from the previous day of 12 civilians killed. Concerning one of the events in these two days, SANA reported that "local sources told SANA reporter in Hasaka that the Turkish army opened fire on a number of civilians at Kahyla village which is located between the cities of Ras al-Ayn and Tal Abyad, killing nine civilians including children, and injuring others. Some of the injured persons, who were rushed to Ras al-Ayn city for treatment, confirmed that Turkish soldiers fired indiscriminately at them."_NEWLINE_In October 2016, the co-chairman of the Democratic Federation of Northern Syria's leading Democratic Union Party (PYD), Salih Muslim, has accused Turkey of ethnic cleansing in the border area between Azaz and Jarabulus which at the time is occupied by Turkish-backed opposition rebels, saying it has driven thousands of Kurds from their land in villages near the border.
iXsystems was founded in 1991 as Berkeley Software Design, Inc. (BSDI, later BSDi) by Rick Adams and members of the University of California, Berkeley Computer Systems Research Group (CSRG), including Keith Bostic, Kirk McKusick, Mike Karels, Bill Jolitz and Donn Seeley. In the year 2000, Berkeley Software Design, Inc. acquired enterprise server manufacturer Telenet System Solutions, Inc., which was founded in 1996 and operated from the same San Jose, California office and manufacturing facility that iXsystems operates today. In 2001, BSDi sold its operating systems business to Wind River Systems and spun off its hardware business and iXtreme line of servers as iXsystems, Inc. In 2002, OffMyServer, Inc., owned by two BSDi employees, acquired iXsystems, Inc. and operated it as OffMyServer, Inc. until restoring the iXsystems name in 2005._NEWLINE_In 2006, iXsystems adopted the PC-BSD project and hired its founder, Kris Moore. In 2007, iXsystems acquired FreeBSD Mall, Inc., reuniting all the portions of the original BSDi that had been spun off to Wind River Systems. In 2009, iXsystems negotiated to continue the FreeNAS project when its developers decided to move it to Debian Linux. iXsystems introduced a comprehensive rewrite of FreeNAS in 2011 which now provides the platform for the "FreeNAS Mini" SMB NAS arrays and "TrueNAS" enterprise storage arrays. In August 2010, BSD author Dru Lavigne joined iXsystems and in July 2013, Jordan K. Hubbard, one of the founders of the FreeBSD project, joined iXsystems as CTO.
iXsystems designs, sells and supports custom x86 servers for workgroups through data centers with a focus on support for the FreeBSD operating system. The company relies on partnerships with hardware vendors Intel, Supermicro, Western Digital and LSI Corporation combined with on-staff FreeBSD developers. All iXsystems servers are subjected to a three-day burn-in process to reduce returns and are available with Linux as an alternative operating system.
The FreeNAS project was originally launched by third party developers in October 2005 and aimed to create an open source network attached storage system based on FreeBSD 6.0.  In September 2009, the development team concluded that the project, then at release 0.7, required a complete rewrite to accommodate modern features such as a plug-in architecture, and the project gradually forked, with a new version based on Debian Linux, and the existing version being transferred to iXsystems, who rewrote it with a new architecture based on FreeBSD 8.1, releasing FreeNAS 8 Beta in November 2010._NEWLINE_On November 19, 2010, iXsystems released FreeNAS 8 Beta, its first release of the popular free and open-source software-defined storage project that it adopted and rewrote. FreeNAS is based on the on FreeBSD operating system and the OpenZFS file system._NEWLINE_On Aug 3, 2011, iXsystems introduced the TrueNAS line of enterprise storage arrays, a network-attached storage (NAS) system and storage area network (SAN) device that supports the SMB, AFP, NFS, iSCSI, SSH, rsync and FTP/TFTP sharing protocols over Ethernet and Fibre Channel network fabrics. TrueNAS also supports vendor-certified protocols including VMware VAAI, Microsoft CSV, ODX, and VSS, and Veeam. A custom, tool-less enclosure provides TrueNAS High Availability using dual controllers, and four user-serviceable components: disks, power supplies, fans and the controllers themselves. TrueNAS uses the OpenZFS file system in hybrid and all-flash configurations up to 4.8 Petabytes in raw capacity.
Following the Indonesian Declaration of Independence in August 1945, on the same day as the Central Indonesian National Committee (KNIP) was established, August 22, the wartime Japanese Jawa Hokokai (Java Service Association) was renamed the Indonesian National Party, or PNI-Staatspartij (State Party). However its associations with the Japanese occupation made it unpopular and it lacked internal cohesion. As it result, it was dissolved at the end of August._NEWLINE_On 29 January 1946, the Indonesian National Party was revived as a merger of the recently established Indonesia People's Union (Serindo) and a number of smaller parties, together with activists from parties including Parindra and Partindo, but this time without Sukarno, who as president, was above politics. The party attracted considerable support due to its having the same name as Sukarno's original party as well as the short-lived party of August 1945. It was supported by the a large proportion of republican administrative officers who had been members of the Dutch East Indies, as well as their subordinates and older former members of the pre-war party. Other support came from the Indonesia middle class, and left-wingers. This very broad range of membership made the party rather "unwieldy". The leadership was to politically closer to the left wing of the party. During the Indonesian National Revolution, the party opposed negotiating with the Dutch, and disagreed with the socialist stance of the early Indonesian cabinets. It leadership, dominated by figures from the old PNI and Partindo gave the party a "radical-nationalist" stance.     _NEWLINE_Because of its support among regional administrators, when the Working Body of the KNIP, which carried out the day-to-day duties of the full KNIP, was  increased in size to 25 members, the PNI was awarded ten seats. A subsequent reorganisation of the KNIP in July 1946 saw the PNI being given 45 of the 200 seats. PNI members were subsequently appointed to four posts in the Third Sjahrir Cabinet, including minister of justice and vice-minister of finance.  _NEWLINE_In November 1946, the Linggadjati Agreement was signed between the Republic of Indonesia and the Netherlands. The PNI was critical of a number of its provisions. In an expansion of the KNIP to 514 seats, ostensibly to make it more representative, but also to ensure that the Linggadjati Agreement was ratified, the PNI gained no more seats, while its representation in the working committee fell to 5 of the 47 seats. Following the signature of the agreement, PNI and Masyumi members resigned in protest, bringing down the Second Amir Sjarifuddin Cabinet. The PNI was given two seats (later three) in the presidential cabinet that replaced it._NEWLINE_During 1948, the PNI right wing was increasingly sidelined in deciding party policy, and the centre-left grouping became dominant. Speeches at the party's third annual congress in June 1948 emphasized socialist ideals. As a result, in November 1948, right-wingers who also supported Prime Minister Hatta's policy of negotiating with the Dutch, putting them at odds with the majority of the membership, split off to form the Great Indonesia Unity Party (PIR). Following the Dutch recognition of Indonesian sovereignty at the end of 1949, the PNI had two seats in the cabinet of the United States of Indonesia (RUSI). Hatta depended on PNI-Masyumi support: the PNI was pro-unitary state, but Hatta and Masyumi were more cautious. From April 1950, there were growing differences between the PNI and Masyumi. In July, a group of PNI members dissatisfied with the selection of Sidik Djojosukarto as party chairman split off and formed the Indonesian National Party - Freedom (PNI Merdeka), subsequently renamed the National People's Party (PRN). This left the radical-nationalists such as chairman Sidik Djojosukarto greater control over the party
In May 1957, the Working Cabinet, which was officially non-party, passed an emergency law establishing a National Council based on functional groups. Its official purpose was to be "a reflection of society", to strengthen the position of the cabinet by associating it with Sukarno and to serve as a counterpoint to the party political system, in practice Sukarno wanted it to undermine the cabinet and parliament._NEWLINE_Meanwhile, the regional rebellion put the PNI in a difficult position as it simultaneously supported the central government and wanted to maintain its support in the outer (non-Java) islands. When local elections were held in Java and South Sumatra in 1957, the PKI made significant gains at the expense of the PNI, which dropped from first place (in the 1955 vote) to third. During the campaign, the campaign the PKI attacked the PNI for being a "half-way group", positioned indecisively between the political left and the right._NEWLINE_Disorganization and insubordination by regional party branches characterized the period under the chairmanship of Suwirjo, and resulted in left-wingers breaking away in July 1958 to found a new party called Partindo. At the same time, some of the PNI's mass organizations began to openly challenge the  party leadership. They were supported in this by Sukarno and the Army, who both wanted to undermine the party system as part of the move towards Guided Democracy. Matters came to a head at the ninth party congress in July 1960 when these mass organizations joined forces with Sidik's radical nationalists to overturn the decentralization of party policymaking and elect Sidik ally Ali Sastroamidjojo as party chairman._NEWLINE_In 1963, martial law, with its restrictions on party activity, was lifted. From 28 August - 1 September, the PNI held its tenth annual congress. This resulted in a move to the left, both in the composition of the leadership and in party policy. The party ideology of Marhaenism was formally defined as "Marxism adapted to Indonesian conditions". The party began to move towards a mass-based organization, in line with the philosophy of Sukarno and the PKI. However, there were sharp internal divisions between the left-wing central party organization and the right-wing regional party leaders. These were manifested in the government's land reform program, with local party branches working with landlords to frustrate  attempts to abide by the Land Reform law. When the PKI supported unilateral land seizures, local PNI members attacked the PKI._NEWLINE_On 30 September 1965, a coup attempt took place that was subsequently blamed on the PKI. In the aftermath of this, the PNI, which was seen as a PKI-collaborator, faced strong pressure from the army to purge its left wing and pro-PKI faction, led by party chairman Ali Sastroamidjojo and Surachman. There was resistance to this from the party's Central and East Java branches, and this led to clashes with anti-Sukarno students in 1966 and 1967. The army subsequently banned PNI activities in Sumatra. However, conservatives Hardi and Suharto associate Hadisubeno Sosrowerdojo persuaded the party leadership to hold a "reunification" meeting in April 1966. Attendance at this meetings was controlled by the army and the left-wing group was forced out. Osa Maliki became chairman. On 21 December 1967, the PNI leadership declared that the party had abandoned its philosophy of Sukarno and his teachings, General Suharto, but then acting president - ordered local authorities to assist the party in "crystallization and New Order consolidation with itself". The now-weakened  PNI was subsequently given 68 seats in the People's Representative Council, which had itself been purged of PKI members, making it the largest group. In April 1970, Osa Maliki died, and strong pressure from the army resulted in Hadisubeno, who was thought to be compliant with government aims, being selected as chairman. Along with eight other political parties and the government-sponsored Golkar organization, the PNI contested the 1971 elections. It came third, but won less than 7% of the vote. In 1973, the PNI along with other nationalist and Christian parties was merged into the Indonesian Democratic Party in order to limit the number of political parties and to weaken opposition to the regime.
The institute was founded in 2010 by Turing award winner Andrew Yao as a new overarching unit subsuming the Institute for Theoretical Computer Science (ITCS), which had been founded in 2005. In addition to the ITCS, the IIIS also encompasses several other units, including Tsinghua's Center for Quantum Information (CQI) as well as joint centers with MIT and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, Aarhus University, the University of Michigan, and the University of Waterloo._NEWLINE_Apart from the IIIS, other computer science-related units at Tsinghua University include the Department of Computer Science and Technology and the School of Software.
In addition to research, the institute is also involved in education at Tsinghua University. In 2005, the Special Pilot CS Class program (often called Yao Class) was started, aimed at providing a computer science education similar to that at MIT and Stanford University. Several alumni of this program have been listed in the renowned Forbes 30 Under 30 list. The institute also has graduate students.
The online edition of the Dehkhoda Dictionary, quoting Iranian Army files, refers to Jananlu as a Malaria-infested location with a population of 284. At the time, Jananlu was the largest village of Minjavan District. Moreover,  a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe, comprising 60 households, used the village as their winter quarters.  At the 2006 census, its population was 604, in 153 families. According to a more recent  statistics, by 2012, the population had increased to 1786 people in 496 families. This rate of population growth is perhaps the highest in Arasbaran region, and it is expected that the village will be designated as a town in near future.
He is said to have been clerk to an attorney, and was certainly self-educated. In 1744, he succeeded Samuel Johnson as compiler of the parliamentary debates for the Gentleman's Magazine, and from 1741 to 1749 he contributed poems signed Greville, or H Greville, to that journal. In company with Johnson and others he started a periodical called The Adventurer, which ran to 140 issues, of which 70 were from the pen of Hawkesworth himself._NEWLINE_On account of what was regarded as his powerful defence of morality and religion, Hawkesworth was rewarded by the archbishop of Canterbury with the degree of LL.D, In 1754–1755 he published an edition (12 vols) of Swift's works, with a life prefixed which Johnson praised in his Lives of the Poets. A larger edition (27 vols) appeared in 1766–1779. He adapted Dryden's Amphitryon for the Drury Lane stage in 1756, and Southerne's Oronooko in 1759. He wrote the libretto of an oratorio Zimri in 1760, and the next year Edgar and Emmeline: a Fairy Tale was produced at Drury Lane. His Almoran and Hamet (1761) was first drafted as a play, and a tragedy based on it by S J Pratt, The Fair Circassian (1781), met with some success._NEWLINE_He was commissioned by the Admiralty to edit Captain James Cook's papers relative to his first voyage. For this work, An Account of the Voyages undertaken ... for making discoveries in the Southern Hemisphere and performed by Commodore Byrone John Byron, Captain Wallis, Captain Carteret and Captain Cook (from 1702 to 1771) drawn up from the Journals ... (3 vols, 1773) Hawkesworth is said to have received from the publishers the sum of £6000. His descriptions of the manners and customs of the South Seas were, however, regarded by many critics as inexact and hurtful to the interests of morality, and the severity of their strictures is said to have hastened his death. He was buried in the parish church at Bromley, Kent, where he and his wife had kept a school._NEWLINE_Hawkesworth was a close imitator of Johnson both in style and thought, and was at one time on very friendly terms with him. It is said that he presumed on his success, and lost Johnson's friendship as early as 1756.
Kalang house (Javanese Omah Kalang, Indonesian Rumah Kalang) is a term used to refer to eclectic Javanese houses of the Kalang people. The enclave of Kalang people is found in Kotagede, Yogyakarta and Surakarta. The kalang houses, built at the turn of the 20th-century, are usually grand-sized and heavily ornamented houses with an eclectic mixture of Javanese traditional principle and Western Romanticism. The Kalang house has become a cultural identity of the Kalang people and the city of Kotagede where most of the houses are still in good condition.
Kalang houses are related with the growth of the Kalang people community in Kotagede. Kalang literally means "enclosed" or "fenced". Kalang people, or Wong Kalang, were a group of merchants who made settlement in the District of Kotagede. Even though the kalang people originally came from East Java and Bali, they are presumed to be the natives of Kotagede, which was the former capital of the Hindu Mataram Kingdom. Kalang people, known for their artistic skills in carving wood and gold, moved to Kotagede when Mataram needed skilled laborers and builders._NEWLINE_Local legends say that the Kalang People were originally war captives brought back by Sultan Agung from his unsuccessful expedition to Bali in the early 17th-century. Legend said that the Kalangs were the result of the union between an ape and a princess, and so the Kalang people were rumored to possess ape-like tails and untamed supernatural power. Until the 1920s they were concentrated in the neighborhood of Tegalgendu on the west bank of Gajah Wong River and were not allowed to reside in Kotagede proper. Their name "Wong Kalang" probably derived from their peculiar, Hindu-Balinese type ritual, obong kalang. Obong kalang was a funeral ritual in which a paper figure representing the deceased person was "cremated" at intervals indicated by the Hindu-Balinese calendar while the actual corpse was buried in the ground following Muslim practice. As their professed religion, they followed Islam but the Wong Kalang practiced many other customs which looks strange to native Kotagedeans._NEWLINE_Kalang people were also noted for endogamy. Many marriages were between cousins, including first cousins, occurred in Kalang society. Sometimes the Kalang People in Tegalgendu exchanged marriage partners with other Kalang groups living in similar ghetto-like settlements in various places of Central and East Java._NEWLINE_In the late 19th-century, the Kalang people achieved a lot of advantages, especially with the improvement of transportation and monetization of the agricultural economy. Free of the Javanese value of harmony and the Islamic value of restrained economic greed (especially in taking interest of money lending), the Kalang people were able to collect great fortune from various trades, money lending and pawnshops. Before the administrative reform of the early 1920s there were two subgroups among the Kalang People of Tegalgendu: one belonging to the Surakarta Sunanate and other to the Yogyakarta Sultanate. The head of the Surakarta subgroup was given the title of mantri kalang, whose duty was to supervise carpentry services for the repair of buildings in the Royal Cemetery complex. The Yogyakarta subgroup specialized in transporting goods between the port town of Semarang and Yogyakarta, a task which was granted by the Yogyakarta court solely to this subgroup. Sometime around the turn of the century, the Surakarta subgroup obtained a license from the court to open pawnshops throughout the territory. Within a short period, they developed an extensive network of pawnshops bringing in a huge amount of profit. The Yogyakarta subgroup continued to specialize in the transportation of goods utilizing all available means — trains, motor vehicles, and horses. The "monopoly" of these royal tasks allow the Kalang group to accumulate great wealth. The Kalang people were remembered to have been the first natives to be able to acquired Rolls-Royces when they were imported to Java._NEWLINE_It is said that one of the reason why the royal court gave the Kalang People a special role in the royal services is because of the court's disfavor on the entry of the Chinese and other foreign Orientals into their territories.
The wealth of the Kalang People is visible in the architecture of their palace-like houses. One of these houses, built in 1926 on the east bank of the Gajah Wong River, has two garages for eight sedans and a stable for twenty horses, besides an extremely extensive and grand main building with many wings. Most Kalang houses are located in Jalan Mondorokan and are usually constructed between 1850s and 1920s._NEWLINE_The architecture of Kalang houses fuses the Javanese traditional houses with western Romanticism. Room layout still follows the principle of a traditional Javanese house e.g. the presence of a pendopo (guest-receiving pavilion) and the traditional layout of the main building e.g. dalem, senthong, pringgitan, etc. In terms of decoration, the kalang house is heavily ornamented with complex decorations inspired by Western romanticism. Other features of Kalang houses are overhanging eaves, prominent front-facing gables, heavy use of stained glass, different textures using patterned wood shingles or terra cotta tiles and complex-shaped balustrades._NEWLINE_Also similar with the Javanese traditional house is the north-south axis of the kalang house, however the emphasis is more on practicality instead of traditional ritual. Room layout is similar with a traditional Javanese house but the use can be different. Wayang is performed in the peringgitan of a traditional Javanese house, but not in a Kalang house. The central senthong, a sacred space for rice goddess Sri in the Javanese house, has been transformed into the a sleeping room._NEWLINE_The pendopo of a Kalang house is still kept as the reception area of the house. However, instead of employing a traditional joglo-styled roof typical of a traditional pendopo, the roof often employs additional front-facing gable, marking the front-center part of the pendopo. Omah Prayadranan or Ndalem Natan (1857 or 1927) in Kotagede, and a Kalang house in Jalan Slamet Riyadi, Surakarta, employs a porch-like protrusion to the pendopo, known as the kuncungan. The kuncungan of a Kalang house in Jalan Urip Sumoharjo, Surakarta has transformed into a porte-cochère while the pendopo took form of a terrace. The kalang house of B.H. Noeriah, or Omah Tembong (1862) has been completely enclosed with wall, stained glassed windows and door, giving it a quality of a sunroom._NEWLINE_Various element of a traditional Javanese house is made more grandeur in a Kalang house. A Kalang house in Jalan Urip Sumoharjo Surakarta transformed its 'gandok' (additional side structure) into a detached side pavilion.
Kim has obtained a GED and an A.A. in computer science, and is working for CTU. Unbeknown to Jack, she is dating Chase Edmunds, another CTU agent who is partnered with Jack. Despite concerns from one of her colleagues that she was only granted the job due to her father's position as Director, Kim proves her skills and worth. During day 3, Kim tells Jack about her relationship with Chase and later discovers that he has a daughter, Angela. When her mother's killer, Nina Myers, escapes custody and begins a killing spree to break out of CTU, Kim pursues and corners her with a handgun, threatening to kill her if she does not surrender. Nina attempts to shoot Kim but Jack kills her before she can. Kim is eventually brought into the field, as Jane Saunder's double. When her identity is discovered and she is attacked, she is forced to shoot and kill her assailant. Chase ends the series being wheeled into surgery for an operation to re-attach his severed hand; Kim chooses a life with him, and is mentioned to be living with him in Valencia, California, and helping raise his daughter during the events of Day 4.
Marc L. Mansfield proposed in 1994, that there can be knots in proteins. He gave unknot scores to proteins by constructing a sphere centered at the center of mass of the alpha carbons of the backbone, with a radius twice the distance between the center of mass and the Calpha that is the farthest away from the center of mass, and by sampling two random points on the surface of the sphere. He connected the two points by tracing a geodesic on the surface of the sphere (arcs of great circles), and then connected each end of the protein chain with one of these points. Repeating this procedure a 100 times and counting the times where the knot is destroyed in the mathematical sense yields the unknot score.  Human carbonic anhydrase was identified to have a low unknot score (22). Upon visually inspecting the structure, it was seen that the knot was shallow, meaning that the removal of a few residues from either end destroys the knot._NEWLINE_In 2000, William R. Taylor identified a deep knot in acetohydroxy acid isomeroreductase (PDB ID: 1YVE), by using an algorithm that smooths protein chains and makes knots more visible. The algorithm keeps both termini fixed, and iteratively assigns to the coordinates of each residue the average of the coordinates of the neighboring residues. It has to be made sure that the chains do not pass through each other, otherwise the crossings and therefore the knot might get destroyed. If there is no knot, the algorithm eventually produces a straight line that joins both termini.
In computer science, the Knuth–Morris–Pratt string-searching algorithm (or KMP algorithm) searches for occurrences of a "word" W within a main "text string" S by employing the observation that when a mismatch occurs, the word itself embodies sufficient information to determine where the next match could begin, thus bypassing re-examination of previously matched characters._NEWLINE_The algorithm was conceived in 1970 by Donald Knuth and Vaughan Pratt, and independently by James H. Morris. The three published it jointly in 1977.  Independently, in 1969, Matiyasevich discovered a similar algorithm, coded by a two-dimensional Turing machine, while studying a string-pattern-matching recognition problem over a binary alphabet.  This was the first linear-time algorithm for string matching.
A string-matching algorithm wants to find the starting index m in string S[] that matches the search word W[]._NEWLINE_The most straightforward algorithm, known as the "Brute-force" or "Naive" algorithm, is to look for a word match at each index m, the position in the string being searched, i.e. S[m]. At each position m the algorithm first checks for equality of the first character in the word being searched, i.e. S[m] =? W[0]. If a match is found, the algorithm tests the other characters in the word being searched by checking successive values of the word position index, i. The algorithm retrieves the character W[i] in the word being searched and checks for equality of the expression S[m+i] =? W[i].  If all successive characters match in W at position m, then a match is found at that position in the search string. If the index m reaches the end of the string then there is no match, in which case the search is said to "fail"._NEWLINE_Usually, the trial check will quickly reject the trial match. If the strings are uniformly distributed random letters, then the chance that characters match is 1 in 26. In most cases, the trial check will reject the match at the initial letter. The chance that the first two letters will match is 1 in 26² (1 in 676). So if the characters are random, then the expected complexity of searching string S[] of length k is on the order of k comparisons or O(k).  The expected performance is very good. If S[] is 1 million characters and W[] is 1000 characters, then the string search should complete after about 1.04 million character comparisons._NEWLINE_That expected performance is not guaranteed. If the strings are not random, then checking a trial m may take many character comparisons. The worst case is if the two strings match in all but the last letter. Imagine that the string S[] consists of 1 million characters that are all A, and that the word W[] is 999 A characters terminating in a final B character. The simple string-matching algorithm will now examine 1000 characters at each trial position before rejecting the match and advancing the trial position. The simple string search example would now take about 1000 character comparisons times 1 million positions for 1 billion character comparisons.  If the length of W[] is n, then the worst-case performance is O(k⋅n)._NEWLINE_The KMP algorithm has a better worst-case performance than the straightforward algorithm. KMP spends a little time precomputing a table (on the order of the size of W[], O(n)), and then it uses that table to do an efficient search of the string in O(k)._NEWLINE_The difference is that KMP makes use of previous match information that the straightforward algorithm does not. In the example above, when KMP sees a trial match fail on the 1000th character (i = 999) because S[m+999] ≠ W[999], it will increment m by 1, but it will know that the first 998 characters at the new position already match.  KMP matched 999 A characters before discovering a mismatch at the 1000th character (position 999). Advancing the trial match position m by one throws away the first A, so KMP knows there are 998 A characters that match W[] and does not retest them; that is, KMP sets i to 998. KMP maintains its knowledge in the precomputed table and two state variables. When KMP discovers a mismatch, the table determines how much KMP will increase (variable m) and where it will resume testing (variable i).
The above example contains all the elements of the algorithm.  For the moment, we assume the existence of a "partial match" table T, described below, which indicates where we need to look for the start of a new match in the event that the current one ends in a mismatch.  The entries of T are constructed so that if we have a match starting at S[m] that fails when comparing S[m + i] to W[i], then the next possible match will start at index m + i - T[i] in S (that is, T[i] is the amount of "backtracking" we need to do after a mismatch).  This has two implications: first, T[0] = -1, which indicates that if W[0] is a mismatch, we cannot backtrack and must simply check the next character; and second, although the next possible match will begin at index m + i - T[i], as in the example above, we need not actually check any of the T[i] characters after that, so that we continue searching from W[T[i]].  The following is a sample pseudocode implementation of the KMP search algorithm._NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_algorithm kmp_search:_NEWLINE_    input:_NEWLINE_        an array of characters, S (the text to be searched)_NEWLINE_        an array of characters, W (the word sought)_NEWLINE_    output:_NEWLINE_        an array of integers, P (positions in S at which W is found)_NEWLINE_        an integer, nP (number of positions)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    define variables:_NEWLINE_        an integer, j ← 0 (the position of the current character in S)_NEWLINE_        an integer, k ← 0 (the position of the current character in W)_NEWLINE_        an array of integers, T (the table, computed elsewhere)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    let nP ← 0_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    while j < length(S) do_NEWLINE_        if W[k] = S[j] then_NEWLINE_            let j ← j + 1_NEWLINE_            let k ← k + 1_NEWLINE_            if k = length(W) then_NEWLINE_                (occurrence found, if only first occurrence is needed, m ← j - k  may be returned here)_NEWLINE_                let P[nP] ← j - k, nP ← nP + 1_NEWLINE_                let k ← T[k] (T[length(W)] can't be -1)_NEWLINE_        else_NEWLINE_            let k ← T[k]_NEWLINE_            if k < 0 then_NEWLINE_                let j ← j + 1_NEWLINE_                let k ← k + 1
Assuming the prior existence of the table T, the search portion of the Knuth–Morris–Pratt algorithm has complexity O(n), where n is the length of S and the O is big-O notation.  Except for the fixed overhead incurred in entering and exiting the function, all the computations are performed in the while loop. To bound the number of iterations of this loop; observe that T is constructed so that if a match which had begun at S[m] fails while comparing S[m + i] to W[i], then the next possible match must begin at S[m + (i - T[i])].  In particular, the next possible match must occur at a higher index than m, so that T[i] < i._NEWLINE_This fact implies that the loop can execute at most 2n times, since at each iteration it executes one of the two branches in the loop.  The first branch invariably increases i and does not change m, so that the index m + i of the currently scrutinized character of S is increased.  The second branch adds i - T[i] to m, and as we have seen, this is always a positive number.  Thus the location m of the beginning of the current potential match is increased. At the same time, the second branch leaves m + i unchanged, for m gets i - T[i] added to it, and immediately after T[i] gets assigned as the new value of i, hence new_m + new_i =  old_m + old_i - T[old_i] + T[old_i] = old_m + old_i. Now, the loop ends if m + i = n; therefore, each branch of the loop can be reached at most n times, since they respectively increase either m + i or m, and m ≤ m + i: if m = n, then certainly m + i ≥ n, so that since it increases by unit increments at most, we must have had m + i = n at some point in the past, and therefore either way we would be done._NEWLINE_Thus the loop executes at most 2n times, showing that the time complexity of the search algorithm is O(n)._NEWLINE_Here is another way to think about the runtime:_NEWLINE_Let us say we begin to match W and S at position i and p. If W exists as a substring of S at p, then W[0..m] = S[p..p+m]._NEWLINE_Upon success, that is, the word and the text matched at the positions (W[i] = S[p+i]), we increase i by 1._NEWLINE_Upon failure, that is, the word and the text do not match at the positions (W[i] ≠ S[p+i]), the text pointer is kept still, while the word pointer is rolled back a certain amount (i = T[i], where T is the jump table), and we attempt to match W[T[i]] with S[p+i]._NEWLINE_The maximum number of roll-back of i is bounded by i, that is to say, for any failure, we can only roll back as much as we have progressed up to the failure._NEWLINE_Then it is clear the runtime is 2n.
The goal of the table is to allow the algorithm not to match any character of S more than once.  The key observation about the nature of a linear search that allows this to happen is that in having checked some segment of the main string against an initial segment of the pattern, we know exactly at which places a new potential match which could continue to the current position could begin prior to the current position.  In other words, we "pre-search" the pattern itself and compile a list of all possible fallback positions that bypass a maximum of hopeless characters while not sacrificing any potential matches in doing so._NEWLINE_We want to be able to look up, for each position in W, the length of the longest possible initial segment of W leading up to (but not including) that position, other than the full segment starting at W[0] that just failed to match; this is how far we have to backtrack in finding the next match.  Hence T[i] is exactly the length of the longest possible proper initial segment of W which is also a segment of the substring ending at W[i - 1].  We use the convention that the empty string has length 0.  Since a mismatch at the very start of the pattern is a special case (there is no possibility of backtracking), we set T[0] = -1, as discussed below.
The example above illustrates the general technique for assembling the table with a minimum of fuss.  The principle is that of the overall search: most of the work was already done in getting to the current position, so very little needs to be done in leaving it.  The only minor complication is that the logic which is correct late in the string erroneously gives non-proper substrings at the beginning.  This necessitates some initialization code._NEWLINE_ algorithm kmp_table:_NEWLINE_    input:_NEWLINE_        an array of characters, W (the word to be analyzed)_NEWLINE_        an array of integers, T (the table to be filled)_NEWLINE_    output:_NEWLINE_        nothing (but during operation, it populates the table)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    define variables:_NEWLINE_        an integer, pos ← 1 (the current position we are computing in T)_NEWLINE_        an integer, cnd ← 0 (the zero-based index in W of the next character of the current candidate substring)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    let T[0] ← -1_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    while pos < length(W) do_NEWLINE_        if W[pos] = W[cnd] then_NEWLINE_            let T[pos] ← T[cnd]_NEWLINE_        else_NEWLINE_            let T[pos] ← cnd_NEWLINE_            let cnd ← T[cnd] (to increase performance)_NEWLINE_            while cnd >= 0 and W[pos] <> W[cnd] do_NEWLINE_                let cnd ← T[cnd]_NEWLINE_        let pos ← pos + 1, cnd ← cnd + 1_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    let T[pos] ← cnd (only need when all word occurrences searched)
The complexity of the table algorithm is O(k), where k is the length of W.  As except for some initialization all the work is done in the while loop, it is sufficient to show that this loop executes in O(k) time, which will be done by simultaneously examining the quantities pos and pos - cnd.  In the first branch, pos - cnd is preserved, as both pos and cnd are incremented simultaneously, but naturally, pos is increased.  In the second branch, cnd is replaced by T[cnd], which we saw above is always strictly less than cnd, thus increasing pos - cnd. Since pos ≥ pos - cnd, this means that at each stage either pos or a lower bound for pos increases; therefore since the algorithm terminates once pos = k, it must terminate after at most 2k iterations of the loop, since pos - cnd begins at 1.  Therefore, the complexity of the table algorithm is O(k).
A real-time version of KMP can be implemented using a separate failure function table for each character in the alphabet. If a mismatch occurs on character  in the text, the failure function table for character  is consulted for the index  in the pattern at which the mismatch took place. This will return the length of the longest substring ending at  matching a prefix of the pattern, with the added condition that the character after the prefix is . With this restriction, character  in the text need not be checked again in the next phase, and so only a constant number of operations are executed between the processing of each index of the text. This satisfies the real-time computing restriction._NEWLINE_The Booth's algorithm uses a modified version of the KMP preprocessing function to find the lexicographically minimal string rotation. The failure function is progressively calculated as the string is rotated.
Learnosity was founded in 2007 by CEO, Gavin Cooney and CTO, Mark Lynch, company creates online education assessment and teaching software. The company initially focussed primarily on audio assessment and mobile-assisted language learning, notably the FÓN project – a joint collaboration between The National Council for Curriculum and Assessment (NCCA) and the National Centre for Technology in Education (NCTE)._NEWLINE_In 2011, Learnosity pivoted from a primarily B2C model to a B2B model. The company currently operates a Platform as a Service (PaaS) business model where its products, including a suite of embeddable technology-enhanced items._NEWLINE_In 2016,  the company formed the MathQuill Alliance together with Desmos and Sapient Docs to support the continued development of MathQuill, a cross-browser, JavaScript library that displays, and allows users to easily edit and create, mathematical notation in web browsers.
Linda Morabito graduated from the University of Southern California with a B.S. in astronomy in 1974 and did graduate work in computer science at USC. Before receiving her astronomy degree, she joined Jet Propulsion Laboratory for temporary summer employment, and accepted a position after receiving her degree in the Outer Planet Satellite Ephemeris Development Group at Jet Propulsion Laboratory as a senior engineer (1974–1981). In March 1979, she discovered the anomalous "crescent" off the limb of Jupiter’s moon Io in a picture of Io taken by Voyager 1 for navigation, after the Voyager 1 close encounter with Jupiter. She proposed a series of hypotheses and conducted investigations to prove or disprove them, to identify the "crescent". Morabito was able to deduce that the observation was a plume erupting from the surface of Io, and volcanic in origin. Her discovery was announced to the world on March 12, 1979._NEWLINE_She joined The Planetary Society as Manager of Education and Program Development (1997–2004), where she conducted educational outreach for the Mars Global Surveyor mission to Mars leading to the involvement of students in the Mars Exploration Rover mission with the Spirit and Opportunity rovers on Mars. She became an Associate Professor of Astronomy at Victor Valley College in 2007, where she currently teaches. She also served as a Guest Investigator on the Viking Extended Mission to Mars (1977), conducting an experiment on the surface of Mars, utilizing data collected by the two Viking landers and orbiters. She served as Global Curriculum Developer at the Lewis Center for Educational Research (2007–2009), in which she participated in the instruction of students worldwide in the use of a radio telescope for astronomical research in cooperation with several NASA missions, including NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, the Juno mission to Jupiter, and the LCROSS mission to the Moon. She has served as an astronomer lecturer for more than 30 years, and has appeared in numerous science documentaries, and was the regular guest science commentator on two nationally televised talk shows in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada (1979–1981).
Together with Professor Alan Murray of University of Edinburgh, Tarassenko is the inventor of pulse-stream technique for analogue implementation of massively parallel neural networks. He gradually moved away from designing neural network hardware to developing new machine learning algorithms and applying them to problems as diverse as the automated re-heating of food and drinks in a microwave oven (implemented in the Sharp LogiCook oven) and the analysis of sleep disorders. This body of work was recognised in 1996 by the award of the IEE Mather Premium for innovation using neural networks . _NEWLINE_Tarassenko then went on to develop methods for learning how to characterise normality in safety-critical systems. With his research team, he designed the QUICK system, which was at the core of Rolls-Royce’s engine health monitoring strategy in the 1990s and the early 2000s. As a result, he and his Rolls-Royce collaborators were awarded the Chairman’s Team Award for Technical Innovation in 2001 and the Sir Henry Royce High Value Patent Award in 2008. _NEWLINE_When he became the first Director of the Oxford Institute of Biomedical Engineering in 2008, Tarassenko focused his research on patient monitoring, both in and out of hospital. His work has had a major impact on the identification of deterioration in acute care and on the management of long-term conditions. He has been a pioneer in developing early warning systems for acutely ill patients. The machine-learning system (Visensia) which he designed for patient monitoring in critical care was the first such system to gain FDA approval (in 2008). _NEWLINE_In the last decade Tarassenko has led the engineering development of several digital health products including: (a) GDm-Health, a digital therapeutic for the management of gestational diabetes ; (b) SEND, a system for monitoring in-hospital patient vital signs and identifying deterioration early; (c) EDGE-COPD, a digital therapeutic for the self-monitoring and self-management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; and (d) Support-HF, a system for heart failure management in the community.
Tarassenko was elected to a Fellowship of the Institute of Electrical Engineers in 1996, when he was also awarded the IEE Mather Premium for his work on neural networks, to a Fellowship of the Royal Academy of Engineering in 2000, and to a Fellowship of the Academy of Medical Sciences in 2013. He received a British Computer Society Medal in 1996 for his work on neural network analysis of sleep disorders. His research on jet engine health monitoring was awarded the Rolls-Royce Chairman's Award for Technical Innovation in 2001 and the Sir Henry Royce High Value Patent Award in 2008. His work on mobile phones for healthcare was awarded the E-health 2005 Innovation Award for “best device to empower patients”. He received the 2006 Silver Medal of the Royal Academy of Engineering for his contribution to British engineering leading to market exploitation and he won the Institute of Engineering & Technology IT Award, also in 2006. In 2010, he gave the prestigious Vodafone lecture on mobile health at the Royal Academy of Engineering and the Centenary Lecture on Biomedical Engineering at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore. He received the 2015 Martin Black Prize from the Institute of Physics for the best paper in Physiological Measurement _NEWLINE_He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to engineering.
Lothat Mertens was born in Leverkusen in West Germany at the height of the country's remarkable postwar economic revival.  He studied History, Catholic Theology and Sociology at the universities of Bochum and Cologne.   He received his doctorate in 1990 for a piece of work on the development of Women's Studies in Germany as a branch of social sciences before 1945._NEWLINE_   A higher level doctorate from the University of Potsdam followed in 1996, received for a study of the life and works of the peace and human rights activist, Kurt Grossmann._NEWLINE_He also received his habilitation (higher academic qualification) in 1996.   This came from Bochum University.   This time his dissertation was entitled "The Star of David under Hammer and Compass - The Jewish Community in the Soviet occupation zone / German Democratic Republic and their Treatment by the Party and the State 1945-1990".   After this he worked as a private tutor at Bochum.   He also embarked on a project, jointly with Wilhelm Bleek, concerning the way in which dissertations had been produced and used in the German Democratic Republic during the four decades before its re-integration into what had become the German Federal Republic.   Their work involved studying the output of East German historians and of the (East) German Academy of Sciences and Humanities.   Their published conclusions were very critical of academic work produced in East Germany.   Mertens was seen to endorse the view put forward by Arnulf Baring that much of East German scholarship was literally useless ("auf weite Strecken unbrauchbar")._NEWLINE_As an author Mertens was formidably prolific.   He died young, by which time the German National Library listed 24 books which he had produced as author (15) or co-author/compiler/producer (9).   Alongside the history of the German Democratic Republic and German academic education, he also concerned himself with the history of education more generally, with the history of Jewish communities in Germany during the twentieth century, and with the relations between the states of Germany and Israel._NEWLINE_Lothar Mertens died suddenly in Berlin on 4 December 2006.
Metagenomics is the study of genomic content of samples from same habitat, which is designed to determine the role and the extent of species diversity. Targeted or random sequencing are widely used with comparisons against sequence databases. Recent developments in sequencing technology increased the number of metagenomics samples. MEGAN is an easy to use tool for analysing such metagenomics data. First version of MEGAN was released in 2007    and the most recent version is MEGAN6. First version is capable of analysing taxonomic content of a single dataset while the latest version can analyse multiple datasets including new features (query different databases, new algorithm etc.).
MEGAN analysis starts with collecting reads from any shotgun platform. Then, the reads are compared with sequence databases using BLAST or similar. Third, MEGAN assigns a taxon ID to processed read results based on NCBI taxonomy which creates a MEGAN file that contains required information for statistical and graphical analysis. Lastly, lowest common ancestor (LCA) algorithm can be run to inspect assignments, to analyze data and to create summaries of data based on different NCBI taxonomy levels. LCA algorithm simply finds the lowest common ancestor of different species.
Martha Gray was raised in the Detroit area with three sisters and one brother. Her mother was a nurse and her father was an engineer. In high school, she thought her career might be as a nursery school or elementary school teacher._NEWLINE_Martha Gray received her BS degree in computer science from Michigan State University in 1978, SM degree in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1981, and PhD in medical engineering through the Harvard–MIT Program of Health Sciences and Technology in 1986. She then completed her postdoctoral work at Tufts University and the State University of New York, Stony Brook.
Mayan started as a project whose only requirement was the storage of PDF files for a government agency transitioning to an all electronic registration process and has grown into a general system since then._NEWLINE_It is designed to be easy to migrate to different physical computers.  It is written in Python using the Django framework. Features include document versioning,electronic signature verification,_NEWLINE_multilingual support,_NEWLINE_discussion tools,_NEWLINE_user-defined metadata and unique identifiers, _NEWLINE_and roles support._NEWLINE_Mayan EDMS was featured on the free software / open source (FLOSS) themed podcast FLOSS Weekly episode 253 aired on May 29, 2013.
Metamorphic code is code that when run outputs a logically equivalent version of its own code under some interpretation. This is similar to a quine, except that a quine's source code is exactly equivalent to its own output. Metamorphic code also usually outputs machine code and not its own source code. _NEWLINE_This is used by computer viruses to avoid the pattern recognition of anti-virus software. Metamorphic viruses often translate their own binary code into a temporary representation, editing the temporary representation of themselves and then translate the edited form back to machine code again. This procedure is done with the virus itself, and thus also the metamorphic engine itself undergoes changes, which means that no part of the virus stays the same. This differs from polymorphic code, where the polymorphic engine can not rewrite its own code. _NEWLINE_Metamorphic code is used by some viruses when they are about to infect new files, and the result is that the next generation will never look like current generation. The mutated code will do exactly the same thing (under the interpretation used), but the child's binary representation will typically be completely different from the parent's. Mutation can be achieved using techniques like inserting NOP instructions (brute force), changing what registers to use, changing flow control with jumps, changing machine instructions to equivalent ones or reordering independent instructions._NEWLINE_Metamorphism does not protect a virus against heuristic analysis._NEWLINE_Metamorphic code can also mean that a virus is capable of infecting executables from two or more different operating systems (such as Windows and GNU/Linux) or even different computer architectures. Often, the virus does this by carrying several viruses within itself. The beginning of the virus is then coded so that it translates to correct machine-code for all of the platforms that it is supposed to execute in. This is used primarily in remote exploit injection code where the target platform is unknown.
Student Life at MSMS involves many different clubs in which students can get involved.  Students are also offered the opportunity, if enough interest is shown, to organize their own club. Listed below are a few of the many activities available._NEWLINE_Mu Alpha Theta (ΜΑΘ) is the school's math club and chapter of the national math honors society of the same name. The members of this club do ACT practice, participate in the High School Mathematical Contest in Modeling (HiMCM), and compete in the statewide Mu Alpha Theta State Convention. MSMS has placed in the ΜΑΘ Convention very consistently, and more often than not wins first place._NEWLINE_Science Bowl is a competition-based club at MSMS with two teams of five competing in a competition called Science Bowl, which is a buzzer based science trivia game. Categories have shifted over the years, but Chemistry, Biology, Physics, and Mathematics have always been present. Other categories such as Energy, Computer Science, and Earth and Space have come and gone. The two teams participate in the statewide competition each year, and have won first place at the state level over 15 times since the early 1990s, when the club was founded. The winners of the state competition advance to the national competition, held in Washington, D.C. each year. MSMS has a longstanding history of attending National Science Bowl, and has placed in the top 16 in the country._NEWLINE_Science Fair is another organization MSMS sponsors in conjunction with its research program at Mississippi State University and the Mississippi University for Women where students have a chance to work with professors and graduate students on cutting-edge research and present their findings at the annual science fair. Students compete and place in the regional, state, and even the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair._NEWLINE_Science Olympiad is a club dedicated toward engaging in hands-on and creative approaches to science and engineering. Beginning in 2010, a team is selected to prepare and compete at the state convention in activities ranging from Fossils, Forensics, and Human Anatomy and Physiology to Chemistry Lab, Geological Mapping, and even an overview of time. Some of the activities involve on-site written tests while others involve building contraptions beforehand including but not limited to bridges, sensitive vehicles, and projectile launchers. MSMS placed 2nd in 2010 and 2012, and 3rd in 2011 at the state competitions. In 2013, 2014, and 2015, MSMS won the state competition, moving on each year to the National Science Olympiad tournament. Due to issues with funding, Science Olympiad will not be available at MSMS during the 2015-2016 school year._NEWLINE_The school has a very strong Chess Club and scored 15.5 points out of 20 to win the 2017 Mississippi K–12 Team Championship.  The Chess Club also hosted a tournament for the Mississippi Scholastic Chess Association on February 25, 2017 which included 2 sections (K–8 and K–12) rated by the United States Chess Federation.
Although the direct application of the MDCT formula would require O(N²) operations, it is possible to compute the same thing with only O(N log N) complexity by recursively factorizing the computation, as in the fast Fourier transform (FFT).  One can also compute MDCTs via other transforms, typically a DFT (FFT) or a DCT, combined with O(N) pre- and post-processing steps.  Also, as described below, any algorithm for the DCT-IV immediately provides a method to compute the MDCT and IMDCT of even size.
Professor Wooders research focuses on public economic theory (particularly tax competition and the theory of local public goods), club theory (especially the relationship between markets and clubs), and coalition theory (particularly cooperative games with many players and their relationship to markets)._NEWLINE_Myrna Wooders lives in Nashville, Tennessee, with her plants. She is the mother of the economist John Wooders,_NEWLINE_Professor of Economics of the University of Arizona and grandmother of Sarah Wooders, founder of Allparel, a clothes shopping site based on machine learning to determine accurate clothing labels.
The zoo's reptile and amphibian house exhibits seventy species of reptiles and amphibians. These include Aldabra tortoises, radiated tortoises, spider tortoises, Cuban crocodiles, a Gharial, a Philippine crocodile, Eastern indigo snakes, Gaboon vipers, gila monsters, green anacondas, Burmese rock pythons, green tree pythons, Timor pythons, king cobras, northern copperheads, Eastern diamondback rattlesnakes, hellbenders, eastern red-backed salamanders, long-tailed salamanders, Alligator snapping turtles and many more._NEWLINE_Behind the building are exhibits for a Komodo dragon, Chinese alligators and a false gavial. In the front of the building is an exhibit for an American alligator named Wally.
The Kids' Farm is aimed primarily at children and housing domesticated livestock. The exhibit also features a "Pizza Garden" which grows traditional pizza ingredients. Animals kept in the Kids' Farm include alpacas, Ossabaw Island hogs, Java green peafowl, hens, Long-crowing chickens, miniature Mediterranean donkeys, Hereford and Holstein cows, and Nigerian dwarf, Anglo-Nubian and San Clemente Island goats. In 2011, the zoo announced plans to close The Kids' Farm due to budgetary constraints. However, a $1.4 million donation from State Farm Insurance allowed the exhibit to remain open.
Originally from Konya, Turkey, Büyükkökten obtained a B.Sc. degree in Computer Engineering and Information Science from Bilkent University in Ankara. He received both a M.S. and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University. His research at Stanford focused on Web search and efficient PDA usage._NEWLINE_He has been building and working on online communities since 2000. He introduced his first social network, named Club Nexus, at Stanford in the fall of 2001. Club Nexus was the first college-specific social network. It was a system built to serve the networking and communication needs of the Stanford online community. Students could use Club Nexus to send e-mail and invitations, chat, post events, buy and sell used goods, search for people with similar interests, place personals, display their artwork or post editorial columns. Within a few months of its introduction in 2001, Club Nexus had attracted over 2,000 Stanford undergraduates._NEWLINE_Later, Büyükkökten introduced an alumni social network, named inCircle, for the Stanford Alumni Association intended for use by university alumni groups. In 2002, Büyükkökten launched a company, Affinity Engines, to commercialize inCircle and Club Nexus._NEWLINE_After leaving Affinity Engines and joining Google, he decided to use his 20% time to develop a social networking service. He said: "My dream was to connect all the Internet users so they can relate to each other, it can make such a difference in people's lives." The product manager and Marissa Mayer thought of naming the service after its creator. "Orkut.com" belonged to Orkut Büyükkökten himself. Google convinced him, and its social networking service was called Orkut._NEWLINE_Büyükkökten and Google were sued by Affinity Engines in 2004 for trade secret misappropriation.  Affinity Engines claimed that Büyükkökten and Google had stolen Affinity Engines' code to launch the "Orkut.com" social networking service at Google.  The lawsuit was settled in 2006.
The existence of this kingdom was first mentioned in Thanjavur inscription written in Tamil dated from 1025 and 1030. The inscription created by Rajendra Chola I, king of Cholamandala kingdom, Chola Dynasty, in South India, mentioned about Chola invasion of Srivijaya. This inscription mentioned Pannai with its water ponds was among the conquered cities during Rajendra Chola I campaign against Srivijaya. For most of its history Pannai was successful in policing and defending the strait of Malacca for the Mandala of Srivijaya against Arab, Chinese and Indian invaders, until the Chola invasion of Srivijaya occurred, wherein a surprise attack from behind, originating from the occupied capital, rendered the militant-state of Pannai vulnerable from an unprotected assault from the back flank._NEWLINE_Other than Pannai, the Chola invasion also claimed Malaiyur, Ilongasogam, Madamalingam, Ilamuri-Desam, and Kadaram. The inclusion of Pannai together with other port cities being invaded during Chola campaign against Srivijaya suggested that Pannai was a member of the Srivijayan mandala._NEWLINE_Three centuries later, the name of the kingdom reappeared in Javanese source, the Nagarakretagama, written by Mpu Prapanca from Majapahit Empire dated 1365 (or 1287 Saka year). In Nagarakretagama canto 13, Pane is mentioned as one of Sumatran kingdoms held under Majapahit influence. Javanese overlordship upon Malay states in Sumatra was probably initiated through Singhasari’s Pamalayu expedition that pull Malayu Dharmasraya into Singhasari mandala orbit. Therefore, all of Dharmasraya's vassal states were also recruited within Javanese Singhasari mandala. These states includes Palembang, Teba, Kandis, Kahwas, Minangkabau, Siak, Rokan, Kampar, Pane, Kampe, Haru, Mandailing, Tamiyang, Perlak, Padang Lawas, Samudra, Lamuri, Batan, Lampung and Barus, all were under Singhasari influence later inherited by its successor state, Majapahit.
Historians and archaeology experts tried to locate the kingdom mentioned in these historical sources. The similar-sounding names directing them into the estuarine of Panai River and also nearby Barumun River on the east coast of today North Sumatra province, facing Malacca Strait. In 1846 Franz Junghuhn, a geology expert under Commission of Dutch East Indies authority reported the discovery of temple compound in Padanglawas area, upstream of Barumun River. This vast and empty savanna-like area dotted with Biaro, a local name for temple, obviously derived from Sanskrit vihara. These red brick structures — most of them are in ruins — was once the spiritual center of Pannai Kingdom. The most well-preserved temple within this Padanglawas temple compounds is Bahal temple._NEWLINE_Padanglawas area is a dry lowland basin with savanna-like climate. It is unlikely that this area was once support a dense habitation, and probably only used for religious purposes. Although this area is quite accessible by river or land routes, the dry climate of Padanglawas could not support agriculture villages. Therefore, it is suggested that the habitation area of the people that supported Padanglawas culture was located elsewhere. Probably near the estuarine of Barumun and Panai river and not located near these temples. It is suggested that the center of Pannai Kingdom was located in the more fertile area and much closer to maritime trade route of Malacca Strait, which pointing into the estuarine of Panai and Barumun river._NEWLINE_Despite its rich archaeological value, unlike the popular temples of Java, the Padanglawas temples are mostly neglected and in the state of ruins. There are some attempts to promote the temples as a tourism attraction, however because of its remote location and poor infrastructure, promotion and tourism activity is limited._NEWLINE_Other than the temple complex, some archaeological artifact has been discovered in the area. A bronze statue of Buddha Amitabha was found in the main temple of Pamutung, Padang Lawas. This bronze image demonstrate Sri Lankan style, it was presumably imported from Sri Lanka to Sumatra. This is one of a few artifacts linked to the Pannai Kingdom. This statue is now a collection of Tropenmuseum in the Netherlands.
Because of its limited release, English copies of Panzer Dragoon Saga are rare. Used copies sell for hundreds of US dollars, and factory-sealed copies sell for over $1,000. According to The Ringer, "Its scarcity has conferred a cult-classic status that's become part of its appeal ... to play it is to enter an exclusive, clued-in club." Japanese copies are far cheaper, but have no English translation and cannot be played on western Saturn consoles. _NEWLINE_The game has not been rereleased. In 2009, a spokesperson for the game-downloading service GameTap stated that GameTap had non-exclusive rights to distribute the game, but as Saturn emulation is difficult, there was not enough demand to make it a priority. According to Futatsugi, the game's source code has become lost for unspecified reasons, making porting the game difficult.
Data from PetDB can be viewed in HTML tables and downloaded in spreadsheets in XLS format. During selection of chemical parameters a user can choose to retrieve data as individual values (each row in the data table contains values measured on the same sample with the same method and linked to the same reference) or in precompiled format. The precompiled format arranges all data associated with a sample in a single row, even when data is sourced from multiple publications. In cases where there is more than one data value for a particular chemical item, the precompilation algorithm selects the most recent analysis and the most precise method available. Links in the HTML table permit the user to access more detailed information about the sample, reference or data value (analytical procedure). The final spreadsheet output contains two worksheets. The first contains queried chemical data, geospatial coordinates, and abridged methods and references, while the second contains metadata on analytical methods and publication information.
The original Pine A64 boards released in 2016 are powered by an Allwinner A64 system-on-chip. It features a 1.2 Ghz Quad-Core ARM Cortex A53 64-Bit Processor, an ARM Mali 400 MP2 graphics processor unit, one HDMI 1.4a port, one MicroSD slot, two USB 2.0 ports and a 100 Megabit Ethernet port. The A64 board has only 512 megabytes of RAM, the 1 GB and 2 GB versions are labeled "Pine A64+". While the 512 MB model only works with Arch Linux and Debian GNU/Linux distributions, the A64+ with more memory can also run other operating systems including Android, Remix OS, Windows 10, FreeBSD, and Ubuntu. Optional eMMC storage modules can be plugged into special headers on the board. _NEWLINE_A compute module called SOPINE A64 was introduced in January 2017. It features the same system-on-chip as the Pine A64, but mounted on a SODIMM DDR3 form factor board without the USB/HDMI/Ethernet connectors. It competes with the Raspberry Pi Compute Modules. Pine Microsystems Inc. sells a "Clusterboard" with an inbuilt 8-port Gigabit Ethernet switch which can be used to build a cluster system out of up to seven SOPINE modules. A review by Hackaday noted problems with production quality, software, and user support. _NEWLINE_2017 also saw the addition of a "Long Term Supply" (LTS) version of the Pine A64/A64+ boards called "Pine A64/A64(+)- LTS". The LTS versions are identical to the A64/A64+, but are guaranteed to be available until the year 2022 at a slightly higher cost._NEWLINE_In July 2017 the company added a new line of single board computers based on Rockchip SoCs. The ROCK64 features a Rockchip RK3328 Quad-Core ARM Cortex A53 64-Bit Processor, a Mali-450MP2 GPU capable of playing 4K HDR videos, 1/2/4 Gigabytes of RAM, two USB 2.0 and one USB 3.0 ports, one HDMI 2.0 port, a Gigabit Ethernet port, a MicroSD slot and several other peripheral ports._NEWLINE_Its larger brother, the ROCKPro64, is based on a Rockchip RK3399 Hexa-Core (dual ARM Cortex A72 and quad ARM Cortex A53) 64-Bit Processor instead. It features a Mail T-860 Quad-Core GPU and, in addition to the standard USB/Ethernet/HDMI/MicroSD ports, also has an eDP interface and an open-ended PCI Express x4 slot. An optional PCI Express to Dual SATA-II adapter and an optional Wi-Fi module are offered by Pine Microsystems._NEWLINE_In 2019 a new Allwinner-based board was added as a direct competitor to the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+. The Pine H64 is based on the Allwinner H6 Quad-Core ARM Cortex A53 64-Bit Processor. It features a Mali T-722 GPU, two or three Gigabytes of RAM, two USB 2.0 and one USB 3.0 ports, one HDMI 2.0 port, onboard 802.11n Wi-Fi, a Gigabit Ethernet port, a MicroSD slot and several other peripheral ports.
Portals began in the early 1990s as an extension to the nX message passing system used in the SUNMOS and Puma operating system.  It was first implemented for the Intel Paragon at Sandia, and later ported to the Intel TeraFLOPS machine named ASCI Red._NEWLINE_There were four building blocks in the first version of Portals: the single block, the dynamic block, the independent block and the combined block.  All incoming messages would first pass through a match-list that allowed individual portals to respond to specific groups, ranks, and a set of user specified match-bits.
The Portals concept continued to evolve over successive generations of lightweight kernels and massively parallel systems. In 1999, an operational programming interface was given to Portals so that it could be implemented for intelligent or programmable network interfaces outside of a lightweight kernel environment.  This standard was designed for systems where the work required to prepare, transmit, and deliver messages is longer than the round-trip to the Portals data structures. For example, in modern systems, this work is dominated by the round-trip through the IO bus to the network interface. The standard has been revised since the initial release to make it more suited for modern high performance, massively parallel computers._NEWLINE_The MPI library was ported from the retronymed Portals 2 to the new Portals 3.0._NEWLINE_The Portals 3 specification has been implemented several times, first on ASCI Red, then on CPlant over Myrinet, Linux and the Cray XT family.
The first generation of PLT Scheme revisions introduced features for programming in the large with both modules and classes. Version 42 introduced units – a first-class module system – to complement classes for large scale development. The class system gained features (e.g. Java-style interfaces) and also lost several features (e.g. multiple inheritance) throughout these versions.  The language evolved throughout a number of successive versions, and gaining milestone popularity in Version 53, leading to extensive work and the following Version 100, which would be equivalent to a "1.0" release in current popular version systems._NEWLINE_The next major revision was named Version 200, which introduced a new default module system that cooperates with macros. In particular, the module system ensures that run-time and compile-time computation are separated to support a "tower of languages". Unlike units, these modules are not first-class objects._NEWLINE_Version 300 introduced Unicode support, foreign library support, and refinements to the class system.  Later on, the 300 series improved the performance of the language runtime with an addition of a JIT compiler and a switch to a default generational garbage collection._NEWLINE_By the next major release, the project had switched to a more conventional sequence-based version numbering.  Version 4.0 introduced the #lang shorthand to specify the language that a module is written in.  Further, the revision introduced immutable pairs and lists, support for fine-grained parallelism, and a statically-typed dialect._NEWLINE_On June 7, 2010, PLT Scheme was renamed Racket. The renaming coincided with the release of Version 5.0. Subsequently, the graphical user interface (GUI) backend was rewritten in Racket from C++ in Version 5.1 using native UI toolkits on all platforms. Version 5.2 included a background syntax checking tool, a new plotting library, a database library, and a new extended REPL. Version 5.3 included a new submodule feature for optionally loaded modules, new optimization tools, a JSON library, and other features. Version 5.3.1 introduced major improvements to DrRacket: the background syntax checker was turned on by default and a new documentation preview tool was added._NEWLINE_In version 6.0, Racket released its second-generation package management system. As part of this development, the principal DrRacket and Racket repository was reorganized and split into a large set of small packages, making it possible to install a minimal racket and to install only those packages needed._NEWLINE_Version 7 of Racket was released with a new macro expander written in Racket as part the preparations for supporting moving to the Chez Scheme runtime system and supporting multiple runtime systems.
Racket's core language includes macros, modules, lexical closures, tail calls, delimited continuations, parameters (fluid variables), software contracts, green and OS threads, and more. The language also comes with primitives, such as eventspaces and custodians, which control resource management and enables the language to act like an operating system for loading and managing other programs.  Further extensions to the language are created with the powerful macro system, which together with the module system and custom parsers can control all aspects of a language.  Unlike programming languages that lack macro systems, most language constructs in Racket are written on the base language using macros.  These include a mixin class system, a component (or module) system as expressive as ML's opaque ascription, and pattern matching._NEWLINE_Further, the language features the first contract system for a higher-order programming language._NEWLINE_Racket's contract system is inspired by the Design by Contract work for Eiffel and extends it to work for higher-order values such as first-class functions, objects, reference cells, and so on. For example, an object that is checked by a contract can be ensured to make contract checks when its methods are eventually invoked._NEWLINE_Racket includes both bytecode and JIT  (JIT) compilers. The bytecode compiler that translates to an internal bytecode format that is run by the Racket virtual machine, with the JIT compiler translating bytecode to native code on x86, x86-64, ARM and PowerPC platforms at runtime._NEWLINE_Since 2004, the language has also shipped with PLaneT, a package manager that is integrated into the module system so that third-party libraries can be transparently imported and used. Also, PLaneT has a built-in versioning policy to prevent dependency hell._NEWLINE_At the end of 2014, much of Racket's code was moved into a new packaging system separate from the main code base. This new packaging system is serviced by a client program named raco. The new package system provides fewer features than PLaneT; a blog post by Jay McCarthy on the Racket blog explains the rationale for the change and how to duplicate the older system.
The features that most clearly distinguish Racket from other languages in the Lisp family are its integrated language extensibility features that support building new domain-specific and general-purpose languages. Racket's extensibility features are built into the module system to allow context-sensitive and module-level control over syntax. For example, the #%app syntactic form can be overridden to change the semantics of function application. Similarly, the #%module-begin form allows arbitrary static analysis of the entire module. Since any module can be used as a language, via the #lang notation, this effectively means that virtually any aspect of the language can be programmed and controlled._NEWLINE_The module-level extensibility features are combined with a Scheme-like hygienic macro system, which provides more features than Lisp's s-expression manipulation system, Scheme 84's hygienic extend-syntax macros, or R5RS's syntax-rules.  Indeed, it is fair to say that the macro system is a carefully tuned application programming interface (API) for compiler extensions.  Using this compiler API, programmers can add features and entire domain-specific languages in a manner that makes them completely indistinguishable from built-in language constructs._NEWLINE_The macro system in Racket has been used to construct entire language dialects. This includes Typed Racket, which is a gradually typed dialect of Racket that eases the migration from untyped to typed code, Lazy Racket—a dialect with lazy evaluation, and Hackett, which combines Haskell and Racket. The pedagogical programming language Pyret was originally implemented in Racket._NEWLINE_Other dialects include FrTime (functional reactive programming), Scribble (documentation language), Slideshow (presentation language), and several languages for education. Racket's core distribution provides libraries to aid the process of constructing new programming languages. _NEWLINE_Such languages are not restricted to s-expression based syntax. In addition to conventional readtable-based syntax extensions, Racket's #lang makes it possible for a language programmer to define any arbitrary parser, for example, using the parser tools library.  See Racket logic programming for an example of such a language.
DrRacket (formerly DrScheme) is widely used among introductory computer science courses that teach Scheme or Racket and is lauded for its simplicity and appeal to beginner programmers. The IDE was originally built for use with the TeachScheme! project (now ProgramByDesign), an outreach effort by Northeastern University and a number of affiliated universities for attracting high school students to computer science courses at the college level._NEWLINE_The editor provides source highlighting for syntax and run-time errors, parenthesis matching, a debugger and an algebraic stepper. Its student-friendly features include support for multiple "language levels" (Beginning Student, Intermediate Student and so on). It also has integrated library support, and sophisticated analysis tools for advanced programmers. Further, module-oriented programming is supported with the module browser, a contour view, integrated testing and coverage measurements, and refactoring support. It provides integrated, context-sensitive access to an extensive hyper-linked help system named "Help Desk"._NEWLINE_DrRacket is available for Windows, macOS, Unix, and Linux with the X Window System and programs behave similarly on all these platforms.
Apart from having a basis in programming language theory, Racket was designed to be used as a general-purpose language in production systems.  Thus, the Racket distribution features an extensive library that covers systems and network programming, web development, a uniform interface to the underlying operating system, a dynamic foreign function interface, several flavours of regular expressions, lexer/parser generators, logic programming, and a complete GUI framework._NEWLINE_Racket has several features useful for a commercial language, among them an ability to generate standalone executables under Windows, macOS, and Unix, a profiler and debugger included in the integrated development environment (IDE), and a unit testing framework._NEWLINE_Racket has been used for commercial projects and web applications. A notable example is the Hacker News website, which runs on Arc, which is developed in Racket. Naughty Dog has used it as a scripting language in several of their video games._NEWLINE_Racket is used to teach students algebra through game design in the Bootstrap program.
Rathika has lived in New Delhi since 1999, after her marriage. She has a degree in computer engineering and an MBA, and worked as a software engineering for several years before becoming a full-time photographer._NEWLINE_Rathika received her first camera from her uncle, an amateur photographer himself, and began shooting pictures of trees and flowers. In 2003 she visited the Keoladeo National Park in Bharatpur and took pictures of birds. Her early work was not skillful, but nurtured her interest in bird behaviour and photography. She began visiting the Okhla Bird Sanctuary regularly, studying the behaviour of various types of birds. Thereafter, she took to wildlife photography as her professional interest and visited many national parks in India, Kenya, and Tanzania._NEWLINE_Her wildlife photography was featured at the "Clean Ganga Campaign" held in September 2005 at the India International Center, New Delhi. In 2007, the Jawaharlal Nehru University's annual calendar featured her bird photographs. The "Birds of India" chose her as one of the Top 20 best photographers of India in 2008, the only woman to receive the distinction. Besides participating in wildlife exhibitions, she conducts workshops on wildlife photography._NEWLINE_Rathika is among the founding members of the Photography Arts Association of India.
Rawinala was founded in 1973 by a group of GKJ church community. Currently Rawinala has over 60 students, from ages 2 to 20. Rawinala is also the home of 10 Vulnarable Adults with MDVI. The term "Rawinala" comes from ancient Javanese language which means "Light of the Heart".
The Institute runs a 15-acre (6.1 ha) campus in Hartford, Connecticut, and a distance learning center in Groton, Connecticut. These centers are used by graduates and working professionals and are managed by the Hartford branch of RPI, Rensselaer at Hartford. At Hartford, graduate degrees are offered in business administration, management, computer science, computer and systems engineering, electrical engineering, engineering science, mechanical engineering and information technology. There are also a number of certificate programs and skills training programs for working professionals.
Robots are programmed in Robot Scripting Language (RSL), and can be created in all text editors such as Notepad. Robots are usually worked on and distributed in .prg format, but some coders choose to scramble their robots and distribute them as .dst files. The scrambling software was created by Brad for Robot Battle 1.3 and later edited by Joseph Fowler (aka Sorcerer) and Mark Duller to give two separate programs both compatible with Robot Battle 1.4._NEWLINE_RSL has been said to resemble many programming languages including Basic, C, and JavaScript. Each robot has one or many sections, separated by section names and curly brackets, "init" being the only required section and where other sections are defined by an event and a priority._NEWLINE_The Core section does not need a priority, and contains the details of what the robot will do when it isn't doing anything else. The Ascan, when used, usually has the lowest priority (least important) and takes place whenever the robot is moving. The other events take place when an object is detected with the radar or collided with by the body._NEWLINE_The parts of the robot are controlled by commands._NEWLINE_The easiest way to make a robot is to look at the ones which come free with the game, Combo, Smart Corner, Events, Fire, Rammer, Shell, Side Liner, Target, Walls II and Zag. These robots demonstrate uses of the simple commands above, as well as some more advanced tactics such as the use of radio and the differences when creating a robot with "command blocking" turned off.
Lee graduated from Cornell University's College Scholar Program in 1973. She went to Stanford University for her graduate studies, earning a master's degree in computer science and computer engineering in 1975, and a doctorate in electrical engineering in 1980. After briefly teaching at Stanford, she joined Hewlett-Packard in 1981, eventually becoming a chief architect there in 1992, and holding a consulting faculty position at Stanford from 1989 until 1998. She moved to Princeton as the Hamrick Professor in 1998, becoming at that time one of only three female full professors in engineering at Princeton, and the only one to hold an endowed chair.
A sampler is organized into a hierarchy of progressively more complicated data structures. At the bottom lie samples, individual recordings of any sound, recorded at a particular sample rate and resolution. While a common sound to sample is a musical instrument being played (e.g., a pianist playing a piano note or an organist playing a pipe organ), a sample could be any sound, including "non-musical" sounds such as a typewriter clacking or a dog barking. A reference center pitch indicates the actual frequency of the recorded note.  Samples may also be "looped" by defining points at which a repeated section of the sample starts and ends, allowing a relatively short sample to play endlessly. In some cases, a "loop crossfade" is indicated, allowing less obvious transitions at the loop point by fading the end of the loop out while fading its beginning in._NEWLINE_Keymaps are arranged into instruments. At this level parameters may be added to define how the keymaps are played. Filters can be applied to change the sound-color while low frequency oscillators and envelope generators can shape the amplitude, pitch, filter or other parameters of the sound. Instruments may have multiple layers of keymaps in order to play more than one sample at the same time and each keymap may have a different set of parameters so that the incoming note-events affect each layer differently. For example, two layers may have a different sensitivity to the velocity of the incoming note, altering the resulting timbre according to how hard the note is played._NEWLINE_At this level, there are two basic approaches to sampler organization. In a bank approach, each instrument is assigned to a different MIDI channel and multiple banks can be stored to reconfigure the sampler. A different and more powerful approach is to associate each instrument with a patch number or ID so that each MIDI channel can be configured separately by sending controller information on the individual channel.
Akai entered the electronic musical instrument world in 1984 when Roger Linn, the creator of the Linn LM-1, the Linn 9000, and the LinnDrum, partnered with the Japanese/Singaporean Akai Corporation to create samplers similar to the ones created at Linn's own company, Linn Electronics. With this came the first in a series of affordable samplers, the S612, a 12 bit digital sampler module. The S612 was superseded in 1986 by the S900._NEWLINE_The Akai S900 (1986) was the first truly affordable digital sampler. It was 8-note polyphonic and featured 12-bit sampling with a frequency range up to 40 kHz and up to 750 kB of memory that allowed for just under 12 seconds at the best sampling rate. It could store a maximum of 32 samples in memory. The operating system was software based and allowed for upgrades that had to be booted each time the sampler was switched on._NEWLINE_The Akai MPC60 Digital Sampler/Drum Machine and MIDI Sequencer (1988) was the first non-rack mounted model released. It is also the first time a sampler with touch sensitive trigger pads was produced by AKAI, giving birth to the popular MPC series of sampler sequencers._NEWLINE_The Akai S950 (1988) was an improved version of the S900, with a maximum sample frequency of 48 kHz and some of the editing features of the contemporary S1000._NEWLINE_The Akai S1000 (1988) was possibly the most popular 16-bit 44.1 kHz stereo sampler of its time. It featured 16-voices, up to 32 MB of memory, and 24-bit internal processing, including a digital filter (18 dB/octave), an LFO, and two ADSR envelope generators (for amplitude and filtering). The S1000 also offered up to 8 different loop points. Additional functions included Autolooping, Crossfade Looping, Loop in Release (which cycles through the loop as the sound decays), Loop Until Release (which cycles through the loop until the note begins its decay), Reverse and Time Stretch (version 1.3 and higher)._NEWLINE_Other samplers released by AKAI include the S01, S20, S700, S2000, S2800, S3000, S3000XL, S5000, S6000, MPC500, MPC1000, MPC2000, MPC2000XL, MPC2500, MPC3000, MPC3000XL, MPC3000LE, MPC4000, MPC5000, Z4 and Z8.
In evolutionary computing such as genetic algorithms and genetic programming, propagation refers to the inheritance of characteristics of one generation by the next. For example, a schema is propagated if individuals in the current generation match it and so do those in the next generation. Those in the next generation may be (but don't have to be) children of parents who matched it.
Manuel Blum (born in Caracas, April 26, 1938). Venezuelan computer scientist who received the Turing Award in 1995 "In recognition of his contributions to the foundations of computational complexity theory and its application to cryptography and program checking". Blum was educated at MIT, where he received his bachelor's degree and his master's degree in EECS in 1959 and 1961 respectively, and his PhD in mathematics in 1964 supervised by Marvin Minsky._NEWLINE_He worked as a professor of computer science at the University of California, Berkeley until 1999. He is currently the Bruce Nelson Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, where his wife, Lenore Blum, and son, Avrim Blum, are also professors of Computer Science. In the 60s he developed an axiomatic complexity theory which was independent of concrete machine models. The theory is based on Gödel numberings and the Blum axioms. Even though the theory is not based on any machine model it yields concrete results like the compression theorem, the gap theorem, the honesty theorem and the Blum speedup theorem._NEWLINE_Some of his other work includes a protocol for flipping a coin over a telephone, median of medians (a linear time selection algorithm), the Blum Blum Shub pseudorandom number generator, the Blum-Goldwasser cryptosystem, and more recently captchas. In 2002 he was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences. He and his wife resigned from CMU in 2018 to protest against sexism._NEWLINE_Cristina Amon (born in Caracas, 1959). Graduated as Mechanical Engineer at Simón Bolívar University in 1981 continued her education at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where she earned her MS and ScD degrees in 1985 and 1988, respectively._NEWLINE_Amon joined the Carnegie Mellon University in 1988 and later become Director of the Institute for Complex Engineered Systems in 1999. She became the Raymond J. Lane Distinguished Professor of Mechanical Engineering in 2001. Amon's research pioneered the development of Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) for formulating and solving thermal design problems subject to multidisciplinary competing constraints. This led to her creation of a multi-stage concurrent thermal design methodology based on hierarchical model refinement, which combines CFD, non-deterministic experiments and Bayesian statistics. Her research has advanced the scientific foundation of heat transfer enhancement by flow destabilization and hemodynamics mass transport in biological systems including aortic aneurysms and intravenous blood oxygenators. She has made pioneering contributions to concurrent thermal designs, innovation in electronics cooling and transient thermal management of wearable computers. More recently, her research group has been focused on developing numerical algorithms for sub-micron and nano-scale heat transport in semiconductors (molecular dynamics, lattice-Boltzmann method and phonon Boltzmann transport)._NEWLINE_In 2006 was appointed as Dean of Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering, University of Toronto. At the same time she was appointed as Alumni Chair Professor in BioEngineering at the Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering. Her achievements in education cover the whole spectrum of integrating education, research and engineering practice. Dedicated to outreach, she co-developed Engineering Your Future, the Society of Women Engineers workshop for female and minority high school students, and Moving 4th into Engineering, an outreach program targeted toward fourth graders. Other major projects include the development of the Identity, Privacy and Security Institute, which works in collaboration with policymakers, regulatory agencies and industry, plus multidisciplinary centres in sustainable energy and global engineering. In 2003, she received the Hispanic Engineer National Achievement Education Award and, in 2005, she was named one of America's most important Hispanics in technology and business. _NEWLINE_Evelyn Miralles (born in Caracas, 1967) is a pioneer of virtual reality at NASA. Since 1992 has worked at the Johnson Space Center's Virtual Reality Laboratory in Houston (Texas), where she is the Principal Engineer and Technology Strategist. Miralles has been supporting space shuttle and International Space Station missions. Her first project was building a 3D model of a habitat on the moon. It was not feasible but could possibly be used in the future for a mission to Mars. Miralles was the co-author of the Dynamic Onboard Ubiquitous Graphics (DOUG) which has been used since 1993 for training in virtual reality by astronauts of STS 61 mission who repaired the space telescope Hubble, and then for all the other missions. She worked also in the space station ISS, designing the structure and work steps for the astronauts._NEWLINE_Santiago Schnell (born in Caracas, on October 6, 1971) is a biophysical chemist and computational and mathematical biologist. Schnell received his initial training in biological science from Universidad Simón Bolívar and doctorate in mathematical biology from the University of Oxford, England, United Kingdom.  He pursued his doctoral and postdoctoral research under the supervision of Philip Maini, FRS in the Wolfson Centre for Mathematical Biology at the University of Oxford. He is Professor of Molecular & Integrative Physiology, a U-M Brehm Investigator in the Brehm Center for Diabetes Research, and Professor of Computational Medicine & Bioinformatics at the University of Michigan. He is considered a leader in Mathematical Biology, Computational Biology and Chemical Kinetics. His methods for modeling enzyme catalyzed reactions and reactions inside cells are one of the fast moving frontiers in computational biology according to the Institute for Scientific Information. Schnell's laboratory investigates biochemical and biological systems comprising many interacting components, where modeling and theory may aid in the identification of the key mechanisms underlying the behavior of the system as a whole.  The primary focus on his research is biochemical kinetics, protein homeostasis and protein folding diseases.
Shareaza contains a built-in IRC (chat) client which allows users to communicate with each other. There are channels in several languages for support and help. These channels are located on the P2PChat servers and can also by joined by any normal IRC client or via a Java addon on the Shareaza homepage.
In mid-2002 Stokes released the first version of a gnutella client he had written and dubbed "Shareaza". It was from the beginning a client with the aim of having features other gnutella clients did not have. Over the next two years Stokes coded in support for the eDonkey 2000 network, BitTorrent and a rewritten gnutella-based protocol which he named Gnutella2._NEWLINE_On June 1, 2004 Stokes released the Shareaza source code under version 2 of the GNU General Public License (which coincided with the release of Shareaza version 2.0). Shareaza joined LimeWire, Gnucleus, and others as an open source client on the gnutella network._NEWLINE_Since the beginning Shareaza was advertised as "completely free. No ads, no spyware, no guilting you to upgrade to a commercial version", stating that the developers "[couldn't] stand that kind of crap." It has remained as such in each subsequent release._NEWLINE_From the first version Shareaza has supported swarming, metadata, library management, and automatic file hashing.
The Twenty-first century was inaugurated by the first direct collaboration and commercial relationships with China which in 2014 lead to a dedicated subsidiary, Siae Telecommunications Shenzhen Limited. The first european subsidiary opened in 2002 in Paris while the first non-european branch initiated activities in 2006 in Bangkok. The production and assembly processes began transitioning from manual to automatic SMT placement equipment in the early 2000s to cope with a volume of 15'000 radios/year while the yearly sales in 2002 increased by 25.8%._NEWLINE_In partnership with Cisco, the Company developed algorithms and dedicated implementations for adaptive bandwidth and adaptive modulation schemes, which allow to react to impaired communication conditions (such as rain) gracefully reducing the link throughput instead of temporarily suspending the communication (out of service). Such solutions, extensively relied upon for network planning, are currently standard in most modern point-to-point radio links for backhauling._NEWLINE_In the wake of the global migration from circuit switching towards IP packet networks, the Company developed Full IP equipments in split-mount and full-outdoor versions and also dual native radios, supporting both TDM and Ethernet modes, whose popularity positively affected company's sales volume. To meet the ever-increasing demand for higher throughput without need for additional bandwidth, which is licensed at a price in most dedicated bands, frequency reuse dominated subsequent industrial developments and the adoption of dual-polarization techniques was commercially proposed in 2007, when the company and Vodafone (Omnitel by that time) presented the paper "2xSTM1 frequency reuse system with XPIC" at the European Conference on Fixed Wireless Network Technologies 2007 in Paris._NEWLINE_Thanks to Full IP and XPIC equipment sales, the yearly production of radios hit 70'000 in 2011 while the sales income topped 180 million Euro  and by the end of 2012 the number of people employed by the company exceeded 1000 over the 25 world branches, about 700 of which located in the Cologno Monzese headquarters._NEWLINE_The juridical literature reports of a litigation initiated in 2006 by NEC Corporation against SIAE Microelettronica over alleged infringement of several former's patents in the courts of Milan and Munich. The case was closed in 2010 with a bilateral agreement to withdraw all infringement, nullity and opposition actions pending worldwide._NEWLINE_Although not directly involved in antenna manufacturing, the Company and Polytechnic University of Milan patented in 2011 a dielectric antenna for mm-wave communications based on a novel design aimed at reducing the overall size, whose application targeted small form factor radio equipments. The visual impact of transceivers began in those years to earn importance for the deployment of urban links, where the existing environment should be affected as little as possible by access stations and backhauling  transceivers with their antennas._NEWLINE_In 2013 the company entered the millimeter-wave market with its full-outdoor transceivers in E-Band. In 2014, the product portfolio included also V band radios for small cell backhaul and NLOS solutions for urban communications which may benefit from exploiting reflections on buildings in order to increase coverage. A new network monitoring software was also released in 2014 to offer enhanced features to network operators for managing and evaluating aggregated performances, which are gaining more and more relevance as key figures in the assessment of traffic bottlenecks and overall behavior of a complex network._NEWLINE_In 2014 the labs for the management system for terrestrial networks and two families of equipment for fiber optic telecommunications—OMSN (Optical Multi-Service Node) and TSS (Transport Service Switch)— were transferred from Alcatel Lucent (now Nokia) to a new dedicated company, SM Optics, a subsidiary of SIAE Microelettronica._NEWLINE_From 2014 to 2016, through its entirely owned company "Twist-off" in Padua (Italy), Siae Microelettronica was active in researching applications of Orbital Angular Momentum of light (OAM) communications applied to long-distance links. Field tests of the principles were also published  and filed under an industrial patent  based on the twisted parabola. As a means to increase capacity and frequency reuse orbital angular momentum multiplexing was also compared to traditional MIMO spatial multiplexing techniques in terms of antenna size/spacing/occupation and achievable performance, which resulted in a critical assessment showing that both have equal performances. Near field properties of OAM beams at microwaves have also been investigated resulting in valid theoretical and practical demonstrations to lay the ground for short-range secure communications with application to contactless payments and transactions, filed under a dedicated patent._NEWLINE_The company continues its long standing cooperation strategy with research institutions and in 2015 it joined the Laurea Magistrale Plus program, promoted by University of Pavia for Master's degree achieved with an extended and close participation in existing companies' activities._NEWLINE_In 2016 the company presented, at the Mobile World Congress, Layer-3 VPN services over microwave radio links using SM-OS, based on Software-defined networking (SDN)._NEWLINE_In 2016, an internal team of researchers coauthored the "Receiver", "Modem" and "Antenna" chapters in a comprehensive book describing electronic design of transceiver frontends for backhauling._NEWLINE_In 2017 the Company became a technological partner of Vodafone for the 5G project. _NEWLINE_The Company enabled the interconnection of 5G Base Stations through 10 Gbit/s microwave radio links ALFOplus80HDX in the Metropolitan area of Milan. _NEWLINE_Italian Ministry of Economic Development evaluated Vodafone's 5G experimental project with the highest rating."
Silicon Beach Software was an early developer of software products for the Macintosh personal computer. It was founded in San Diego, California in 1984 by Charlie Jackson and his wife Hallie. Jackson later co-founded FutureWave Software with Jonathan Gay, the company that produced the first version of what is now Adobe Flash. Although Silicon Beach Software began as a publisher of game software, it also published what was called "productivity software" at the time._NEWLINE_Silicon Beach's best known "productivity software" product was SuperPaint, a graphics program which combined features of Apple's MacDraw and MacPaint with several innovations of its own. SuperPaint2 and Digital Darkroom were the first programs on the Macintosh to offer a Plug-in Architecture, allowing outside software developers to extend both programs' capabilities._NEWLINE_Silicon Beach was a pioneer in graphic tools for desktop publishing. Not only was SuperPaint a tool that had advanced graphic editing capabilities for its day, but Digital Darkroom was also a pioneering photo editor. It was grayscale only, not color (like the early Macintosh computers), but had a number of interface innovations, including the Magic Wand tool, which also appeared later in Photoshop. It also had a proprietary option for printing grayscale content on dot matrix printers. Digital Darkroom was used professionally to clean up scanned images for clip art libraries._NEWLINE_Another innovative Silicon Beach product was SuperCard which, like SuperPaint, superseded the capabilities of an Apple-branded product (in this case, HyperCard). SuperCard used a superset of the HyperTalk programming language and addressed common complaints about HyperCard by adding native support for color, multiple windows, support for vector images, menus and other features._NEWLINE_Silicon Beach Software produced innovative computer games for the Macintosh. The most well known is Dark Castle released in 1986. It was ported to several other operating systems by other companies. Sequel Beyond Dark Castle was Silicon Beach's last game, because productivity software was much more lucrative._NEWLINE_Silicon Beach Software is credited with coining the term Silicon Beach to refer to San Diego in the same way that Silicon Valley refers to the Santa Clara Valley and San Jose area._NEWLINE_Silicon Beach was acquired by Aldus in 1990, and Aldus in turn by Adobe Systems in 1994.
With the advent of Italian humanism in the late sixteenth century, Antoniano devoted himself to the study of educational problems and at the instance of St Charles Borromeo, wrote his principal work on the Christian education of children, (Tre libri dell' educazione cristiana de' figliuoli, Verona, 1584.) His work passed through several editions in Italian and was translated into French by Guignard (Troyes, 1856; Paris, 1873), and into German by Kunz (Freiburg, 1888). The other writings of Antoniano, many of which have not been published, deal with literary, historical, and liturgical subjects._NEWLINE_He was one of the compilers of the Roman Catechism and a member of the commission charged by Clement VIII with the revision of the Breviary.
In Sobrio about 81.3% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule)._NEWLINE_In Sobrio there were a total of 13 students (as of 2009).  The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Sobrio there were 3 children in kindergarten.  The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school.  In the municipality, 2 students attended the standard primary schools and 0 students attended the special school.  In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education.  There were 5 students in the two-year middle school._NEWLINE_The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college.  In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student).  There were 0 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 2 who attend part-time._NEWLINE_The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields.  There was 1 student in the professional program._NEWLINE_As of 2000, there were 1 students in Sobrio who came from another municipality, while 8 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
The eclipse was visible in a small part of Northeast Brazil including Recife, almost the whole of Africa with the exception of the southernmost area, southern Europe, and parts of Asia with much of the west of the Middle East, South India, Southeast Asia and less than half of its southeast islands as well as parts of the Atlantic, the Indian Ocean and the coast of New Holland, Australia. It was part of solar saros 131._NEWLINE_The umbral portion was 93 km (58 mi) long and started over 30–40 miles (40–50 km) east of the island of Boa Vista, Cape Verde, it included northernmost Senegal with Sant-Louis, much of southern Agaouedj (now part of Mauritania), Mali (which had separate principalities at the time), such as Timbuktu and Gao, modern-day Niger, Wadai (now part of Chad), Darfur, areas that are now the South Sudan and Abyssinia what now comprises Ethiopia and Kenya and Somalia (then as Somaliland). The greatest occurred just over 2.5 miles (4 km) east of Lagbogol in present-day Wajir, Kenya at 1.3 N, 39.9 W at 9:13 UTC (12:13 local time) and lasted for over 3 minutes._NEWLINE_The eclipse showed up to 50% obscuration in Morocco including Marrakesh, Ottoman Algiers (now Algeria), Libya, Egypt and Yemen, Nubia, near the tip of the Horn of Africa and the Chagos Archipelago, and on the other side west of Cape Verde, near the island of São Tomé, the Congo including Katanga, Malawi, modern day Mozambique and southcentral Madagascar.  Areas that were in the rim of the eclipse included Cornwall, France (Normandy and Paris), Alsace, southern German states, most of Austria, Hungary, Transylvania, Ottoman Wallachia (now Romania), Turkey and Armenia, Persia, India (Orissa) and the middle of Siam (now Thailand) and on the other side Namacqualand (now Namibia) and Basutoland._NEWLINE_The eclipse started in West Africa and Brazil and ended at sunset in Borneo, Java and the coast of western Australia._NEWLINE_The subsolar marking was in Abyssinia (now in Kenya)._NEWLINE_In parts of the world, the eclipse was not seen in some areas in areas that had monsoon rains mainly within the rim areas._NEWLINE_Weather conditions in some areas during the eclipse was unknown.  The weather conditions for a part of western Europe including France was mainly cloudy and rainy.  At the time, France was experiencing the French Revolution.
Somari was developed by the homebrew developer Hummer Team, though they are credited in-game as Somari Team. The game's levels are based on the Sega Genesis version of the first Sonic game, with the exception of the Scrap Brain Zone, while the bonus stages are based on the Master System and Game Gear versions. The game features Sonic's Spin Dash, which was not introduced until Sonic the Hedgehog 2. The audio of the game is similar to the original, but suffers from a poor conversion to the NES's sound system. The word "Somari" is a portmanteau of "Sonic" and "Mario"._NEWLINE_It is unknown precisely how, when, or where the game was created, though Asia is likely; a Taiwanese trademark for "Somari" was registered on March 1, 1994. The game is thought to be based on source code extracted from the original Sonic the Hedgehog that was reverse-engineered and ported from the Genesis to the NES. However, the movement of Mario is based on the mechanics and physics of the Sonic character from Sonic the Hedgehog 2, raising the possibility that it contains coding information from this game as well._NEWLINE_The game was marketed in gaming magazines in Hong Kong and in Russia during the late 1990s, and it can be found today in the United States in specialized gaming stores. The game also remains a popular title for emulation.
The instrument is straightforward to complete, has an easy scoring algorithm (addition of the responses), and has two simple interpretation methods (i.e. severity categories and gender and age specific percentiles). Given this, the objectivity of the instrument is supposed to be high.
SystemVerilog DPI (Direct Programming Interface) is an interface which can be used to interface SystemVerilog with foreign languages. These Foreign languages can be C, C++, SystemC as well as others. DPIs consist of two layers: A SystemVerilog Layer and a Foreign language layer. Both the layers are isolated from each other. Which programming language is actually used as the foreign language is transparent and irrelevant for the System-Verilog side of this interface. Neither the SystemVerilog compiler nor the foreign language compiler is required to analyze the source code in the other’s language. Different programming languages can be used and supported with the same intact SystemVerilog layer. For now, however, SystemVerilog defines a foreign language layer only for the C programming language._NEWLINE_The motivation for this interface is two-fold. The methodological requirement is that the interface should allow a heterogeneous system to be built (a design or a testbench) in which some components can be written in a language (or more languages) other than SystemVerilog, hereinafter called the foreign language. On the other hand, there is also a practical need for an easy and efficient way to connect existing code, usually written in C or C++, without the knowledge and the overhead of PLI or VPI._NEWLINE_DPI follows the principle of a black box: the specification and the implementation of a component are clearly separated, and the actual implementation is transparent to the rest of the system. Therefore, the actual  programming language of the implementation is also transparent, although this standard defines only C linkage semantics. The separation between SystemVerilog code and the foreign language is based on using  functions as the natural encapsulation unit in SystemVerilog. By and large, any function can be treated as a black box and implemented either in SystemVerilog or in the foreign language in a transparent way, without changing its calls.
Direct Programming Interface (DPI) allows direct inter language function calls between the SystemVerilog and Foreign language. The functions implemented in Foreign language can be called from SystemVerilog and such functions are called Import functions similarly functions implemented in SystemVerilog can be called from Foreign language (C/C++ or System C) such functions are called Export functions. DPIs allow transfer of data between two domains through function arguments and return.
1) A Context Imported task or function can access (read or write) any SystemVerilog data object by calling (PLI/VPI) or by calling Export task or function. Therefore, a call to Context task or function is a barrier for SystemVerilog compiler optimization.
TFF is working on a definition of "free telematics" as the freedom to run a web service, for any purpose, study its inner workings and adapt it, accessing the source code, redistribute copies of it, and above all verifying it is actually performing as expected, which are all essential prerequisites for any reliable and transparent e-democracy systems based on the web. A formal draft proposal, based on Free Software, is currently under development._NEWLINE_Telematics Freedom Foundation is an advocate of the concept of Continuous Democracy, which stands for the power of citizens to practice democracy not only at the time of elections, but on every single instance they might find it is needed, through constant discussion and confrontation between involved peers. From this viewpoint, it is also developing software for remote democratic organization, which will constitute a touchstone for the model of production, sharing and full control outlined by the idea of Telematics Freedom it is promoting._NEWLINE_The Foundation is also working on the consolidation of a huge multimedia collection, the Universal Audiovisual Library. This will host hundreds of thousands of Gigabytes of audio and video contents in their original language, released under open and public licenses. It will serve as an exhaustive source of material to be freely remixed and published by content editors and providers, with the intent of spreading knowledge. One example of this will be the Lazio DNA project (where DNA stands for Digital Nature Archive), a large set of raw full HD footage of Lazio region's natural landscape and cultural heritage, available under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike license. Moreover, to enrich the library and provide citizens with even more content to freely browse and view, the foundation is also promoting participatory journalism, through the "social video packs" project. Inspired by two successful experiments already implemented in Brazil, the "Pontos de Cultura" and "Estúdio Livre", it will establish a series of multimedia centers based on Linux, equipped for creation, editing and post-production of videos created by citizens, which will be equipped with a backpack containing a camcorder and everything they need to perform video footage on the road._NEWLINE_Telematics Freedom Foundation endorses the adoption of the Affero General Public License to guarantee transparency and accountability for Open Source e-voting and e-democracy software. In fact, under this license all running source code of a web application should be made freely downloadable from final users at all time, and this should actually give them reasonable practical means to verify the software they are accessing. In order to provide further concrete control, the Foundation also proposed that server rooms (or "cages") hosting free telematic services would be physically managed applying those same (or enhanced) physical security provisions that are currently applied to ballot boxes during an election. In practice, physical access to such servers would be enabled only while a few randomly selected or elected users (or citizens) are physically present._NEWLINE_The foundation also launched a video website featuring socio-political and satirical content, www.popolobue.tv, which should serve as a model of a television democratically controlled by its viewers.
A special capability, the "hz" capability, was defined specifically to support the Hazeltine 1500 terminal, which had the unfortunate characteristic of using the ASCII tilde character ('~') as a control sequence introducer.  In order to support that terminal, not only did code that used the database have to know about using the tilde to introduce certain control sequences, but it also had to know to substitute another printable character for any tildes in the displayed text, since a tilde in the text would be interpreted by the terminal as the start of a control sequence, resulting in missing text and screen garbling.  Additionally, attribute markers (such as start and end of underlining) themselves took up space on the screen.  Comments in the database source code often referred to this as "Hazeltine braindamage".  Since the Hazeltine 1500 was a widely used terminal in the late 1970s, it was important for applications to be able to deal with its limitations.
In September 1902, Madison Alexander Garvin started The Progress.  By 1905, it was renamed The Gettysburg Times._NEWLINE_The Adams Centinel was founded by Robert Harper in November 1800 as the first newspaper of any kind in the county. It was a weekly.  The wording of "Centinel" was later changed to "Sentinel".  In 1867, the Sentinel combined with the Star (founded in 1828) to become the Star and Sentinel.  The Times and News Publishing Company, then owner of the Gettysburg Times, took over the Star and Sentinel in 1920, and it published as a weekly until 1961.  The Gettysburg Compiler, founded in 1818, was also acquired by the Times' owner._NEWLINE_The Sample News Group, then owner of 12 papers, acquired the paper in early 2013 from the Jones family, after longtime publisher Phil Jones died in 2011.
Dang was a computer science student at the University of Alberta. He also wrote a blog on provincial politics. He defeated incumbent Progressive Conservative MLA Matt Jeneroux on the May 5, 2015 election that saw the Alberta NDP sweep the city of Edmonton and win a majority government, the first switch of governing parties in the province since the 1971 election. As of 2014–15, he is a member of the Delta Upsilon fraternity at the University of Alberta, of which former Premier Peter Lougheed was also a member.
Trouble in the Works was one of Harold Pinter's earlier works, written in 1959. This is one of a series of short sketch comedy, Sean Foley said, "These are classic comedy sketches, some of them written for revues and cabaret nights, and there's this strain of surrealism...he got there 12 years before Monty Python," (Merritt). Trouble in the Works was written with five other sketches, known as the Revue Sketches. Many of the poems that Pinter wrote that were in more of a dialogue form turned were turned into revue sketches._NEWLINE_From when it was first seen in 1959, not much of this play has been changed. There is one notable change that has been made in many productions, which is the changing of the last line from, "Brandy balls" to "Trouble".
Type safety is usually a requirement for any toy language proposed in academic programming language research. Many languages, on the other hand, are too big for human-generated type safety proofs, as they often require checking thousands of cases. Nevertheless, some languages such as Standard ML, which has rigorously defined semantics, have been proved to meet one definition of type safety. Some other languages such as Haskell are believed to meet some definition of type safety, provided certain "escape" features are not used (for example Haskell's unsafePerformIO, used to "escape" from the usual restricted environment in which I/O is possible, circumvents the type system and so can be used to break type safety.) Type punning is another example of such an "escape" feature. Regardless of the properties of the language definition, certain errors may occur at run-time due to bugs in the implementation, or in linked libraries written in other languages; such errors could render a given implementation type unsafe in certain circumstances. An early version of Sun's Java virtual machine was vulnerable to this sort of problem.
C# is type-safe (but not statically type-safe). It has support for untyped pointers, but this must be accessed using the "unsafe" keyword which can be prohibited at the compiler level. It has inherent support for run-time cast validation. Casts can be validated by using the "as" keyword that will return a null reference if the cast is invalid, or by using a C-style cast that will throw an exception if the cast is invalid. See C Sharp conversion operators._NEWLINE_Undue reliance on the object type (from which all other types are derived) runs the risk of defeating the purpose of the C# type system. It is usually better practice to abandon object references in favour of generics, similar to templates in C++ and generics in Java.
In general, Common Lisp is a type-safe language. A Common Lisp compiler is responsible for inserting dynamic checks for operations whose type safety cannot be proven statically. However, a programmer may indicate that a program should be compiled with a lower level of dynamic type-checking. A program compiled in such a mode cannot be considered type-safe.
The following examples illustrates how C++ cast operators can break type safety when used incorrectly. The first example shows how basic data types can be incorrectly casted:_NEWLINE_#include <iostream>using namespace std;int main () {_NEWLINE_    int   ival = 5;                              // integer value_NEWLINE_    float fval = reinterpret_cast<float&>(ival); // reinterpret bit pattern_NEWLINE_    cout << fval << endl;                        // output integer as float_NEWLINE_    return 0;}_NEWLINE_In this example, reinterpret_cast explicitly prevents the compiler from performing a safe conversion from integer to floating-point value. When the program runs it will output a garbage floating-point value. The problem could have been avoided by instead writing float fval = ival;_NEWLINE_The next example shows how object references can be incorrectly downcasted:_NEWLINE_#include <iostream>using namespace std;class Parent {public:_NEWLINE_    virtual ~Parent() {} // virtual destructor for RTTI};class Child1 : public Parent {public:_NEWLINE_    int a;};class Child2 : public Parent {public:_NEWLINE_    float b;};int main () {_NEWLINE_    Child1 c1;_NEWLINE_    c1.a = 5;_NEWLINE_    Parent & p = c1;                     // upcast always safe_NEWLINE_    Child2 & c2 = static_cast<Child2&>(p); // invalid downcast_NEWLINE_    cout << c2.b << endl;          // will output garbage data_NEWLINE_    return 0;}_NEWLINE_The two child classes have members of different types. When downcasting a parent class pointer to a child class pointer, then the resulting pointer may not point to a valid object of correct type. In the example, this leads to garbage value being printed. The problem could have been avoided by replacing static_cast with dynamic_cast that throws an exception on invalid casts.
Refitted at Midway she departed 20 May en route to the South China and Java Seas to conduct her 8th war patrol. In a surface sweep of the northern Bali coast, Puffer destroyed (by gunfire) two Japanese sea trucks and six landing craft on 5 July, and inflicted extensive damage to harbor installations at Chelukan Bawang and Buleleng, Bali. A brief respite at Fremantle followed, whence she headed north for her last war patrol, in the Java Sea._NEWLINE_Puffer earned 9 battle stars for World War II service in the Pacific Theater, with a total tonnage of 36,392 tons (eight ships).
In June 2011, the mining company BHP Billiton agreed to donate AU$10 million to UCL to fund the establishment of two energy institutes – the Energy Policy Institute, based in Adelaide, and the Institute for Sustainable Resources, based in London._NEWLINE_In November 2011, UCL announced plans for a £500 million investment in its main Bloomsbury campus over 10 years, as well as the establishment of a new 23-acre campus next to the Olympic Park in Stratford in the East End of London. It revised its plans of expansion in East London and in December 2014 announced to build a campus (UCL East) covering 11 acres and provide up to 125,000m² of space on Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park. UCL East will be part of plans to transform the Olympic Park into a cultural and innovation hub, where UCL will open its first school of design, a centre of experimental engineering and a museum of the future, along with a living space for students._NEWLINE_The School of Pharmacy, University of London merged with UCL on 1 January 2012, becoming the UCL School of Pharmacy within the Faculty of Life Sciences. In May 2012, UCL, Imperial College London and the semiconductor company Intel announced the establishment of the Intel Collaborative Research Institute for Sustainable Connected Cities, a London-based institute for research into the future of cities._NEWLINE_In August 2012, UCL received criticism for advertising an unpaid research position; it subsequently withdrew the advert._NEWLINE_UCL and the Institute of Education formed a strategic alliance in October 2012, including co-operation in teaching, research and the development of the London schools system. In February 2014, the two institutions announced their intention to merge, and the merger was completed in December 2014._NEWLINE_In September 2013, a new Department of Science, Technology, Engineering and Public Policy (STEaPP) was established within the Faculty of Engineering, one of several initiatives within the university to increase and reflect upon the links between research and public sector decision-making._NEWLINE_In October 2013, it was announced that the Translation Studies Unit of Imperial College London would move to UCL, becoming part of the UCL School of European Languages, Culture and Society. In December 2013, it was announced that UCL and the academic publishing company Elsevier would collaborate to establish the UCL Big Data Institute. In January 2015, it was announced that UCL had been selected by the UK government as one of the five founding members of the Alan Turing Institute (together with the universities of Cambridge, Edinburgh, Oxford and Warwick), an institute to be established at the British Library to promote the development and use of advanced mathematics, computer science, algorithms and big data.
University at Buffalo is a large, public research university with very high research activity. The university has been accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education since 1921. In 2009, the university awarded 4,036 bachelor's degrees across 74 undergraduate programs, 2,076 master's degree across 190 programs, 367 doctoral degrees across 83 programs, and 609 professional degrees across 18 programs._NEWLINE_The State University of New York at Buffalo is often referred to as New York's public flagship university._NEWLINE_The four-year, full-time undergraduate program comprises the majority of enrollments at the university which emphasizes a balanced curriculum across the arts, sciences, and professions. The university enrolled 21,607 undergraduate and 9,896 graduate students in the fall of 2018. Women make up 48% of the student body and 78% of the student body is from the state of New York. Over 7,000 students live on-campus, 10,172 students live off campus, and 11,505 students commute; despite this high number of commuters, over 70% of students live on campus their first year. Note: The term "off campus" includes students who live in the residential apartments within the campus perimeter. Undergraduate tuition, room & board, and fees for New York state residents for the 2011–2012 school year totals $18,681 and costs to out-of-state residents totals $27,461. New York State also offers free tuition for all public college and universities for families who have an income of lower than $125,000 and are residents of the state. Other requirements to quality for free SUNY Buffalo education include full-time enrollment and staying in the state for a number of years after graduating._NEWLINE_UB offered an early Computer Science major (distinct from a mathematics major)._NEWLINE_University at Buffalo academic and professional faculty are represented by United University Professions. The two UUP chapters at the University at Buffalo are Health Sciences and Buffalo Center. United University Professions has over 34,000 members at 29 campuses of SUNY._NEWLINE_The University at Buffalo is also one of only two public schools in New York to have a medical school and a dental school, the other being Stony Brook University._NEWLINE_SUNY Buffalo is the biggest public university in New York and the fourth largest public university in the Northeastern United States, behind only Temple University, Pennsylvania State University, and Rutgers University.
The School of Engineering became the first engineering school to be created in the UK for more than 20 years, opening in 2011 in collaboration with Siemens. The building, designed by London Architects Allies and Morrison is the result of a long-standing collaborative effort between the University of Lincoln and Siemens Industrial Turbomachinery Lincoln. Siemens have co-located their product training facility in custom designed locations within the build._NEWLINE_The School of Mathematics and Physics was opened on 1 September 2014 and officially inaugurated on 1 September 2016 by Professor Efim Zelmanov. Since the beginning of the 2017/18 academic year, the school now shares the new Sir Isaac Newton Building with the School of Computer Science and the School of Engineering.
There is no fixed list of the Upanishads as newer ones, beyond the Muktika anthology of 108 Upanishads, have continued to be discovered and composed. In 1908, for example, four previously unknown Upanishads were discovered in newly found manuscripts, and these were named Bashkala, Chhagaleya, Arsheya, and Saunaka, by Friedrich Schrader, who attributed them to the first prose period of the Upanishads. The text of three of them, namely the Chhagaleya, Arsheya, and Saunaka, were incomplete and inconsistent, likely poorly maintained or corrupted._NEWLINE_Ancient Upanishads have long enjoyed a revered position in Hindu traditions, and authors of numerous sectarian texts have tried to benefit from this reputation by naming their texts as Upanishads. These "new Upanishads" number in the hundreds, cover diverse range of topics from physiology to renunciation to sectarian theories. They were composed between the last centuries of the 1st millennium BCE through the early modern era (~1600 CE). While over two dozen of the minor Upanishads are dated to pre-3rd century CE, many of these new texts under the title of "Upanishads" originated in the first half of the 2nd millennium CE, they are not Vedic texts, and some do not deal with themes found in the Vedic Upanishads._NEWLINE_The main Shakta Upanishads, for example, mostly discuss doctrinal and interpretative differences between the two principal sects of a major Tantric form of Shaktism called Shri Vidya upasana. The many extant lists of authentic Shakta Upaniṣads vary, reflecting the sect of their compilers, so that they yield no evidence of their "location" in Tantric tradition, impeding correct interpretation. The Tantra content of these texts also weaken its identity as an Upaniṣad for non-Tantrikas. Sectarian texts such as these do not enjoy status as shruti and thus the authority of the new Upanishads as scripture is not accepted in Hinduism.
The Upanishadic age was characterized by a pluralism of worldviews. While some Upanishads have been deemed 'monistic', others, including the Katha Upanishad, are dualistic. The Maitri is one of the Upanishads that inclines more toward dualism, thus grounding classical Samkhya and Yoga schools of Hinduism, in contrast to the non-dualistic Upanishads at the foundation of its Vedanta school. They contain a plurality of ideas._NEWLINE_Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan states that the Upanishads have dominated Indian philosophy, religion and life ever since their appearance. The Upanishads are respected not because they are considered revealed (Shruti), but because they present spiritual ideas that are inspiring. The Upanishads are treatises on Brahman-knowledge, that is knowledge of Ultimate Hidden Reality, and their presentation of philosophy presumes, "it is by a strictly personal effort that one can reach the truth". In the Upanishads, states Radhakrishnan, knowledge is a means to freedom, and philosophy is the pursuit of wisdom by a way of life._NEWLINE_The Upanishads include sections on philosophical theories that have been at the foundation of Indian traditions. For example, the Chandogya Upanishad includes one of the earliest known declaration of Ahimsa (non-violence) as an ethical precept. Discussion of other ethical premises such as Damah (temperance, self-restraint), Satya (truthfulness), Dāna (charity), Ārjava (non-hypocrisy), Daya (compassion) and others are found in the oldest Upanishads and many later Upanishads. Similarly, the Karma doctrine is presented in the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad, which is the oldest Upanishad.
XFS is a 64-bit file system and supports a maximum file system size of 8 exbibytes minus one byte (2⁶³ − 1 bytes), but limitations imposed by the host operating system can decrease this limit. 32-bit Linux systems limit the size of both the file and file system to 16 tebibytes.
Unlike Linux or BSD, xv6 is simple enough to cover in a semester, yet still contains the important concepts and organization of Unix.  Rather than study the original V6 code, the course uses xv6 since PDP-11 machines are not widely available and the original operating system was written in archaic pre-ANSI C.
One feature of the Makefile for xv6 is the option to produce a PDF of the entire source code listing in a readable format. The entire printout is only 99 pages, including cross references.  This is reminiscent of the original V6 source code, which was published in a similar form in Lions' Commentary on UNIX 6th Edition, with Source Code.
xv6 has been used in operating systems courses at many prestigious universities including_NEWLINE_Northwestern University,The George Washington University, Northeastern University, Yale University, Columbia University, Ben-Gurion University, Johns Hopkins University, Portland State University, Tsinghua University,Southern Adventist University, the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Binghamton University, the University of Utah, University of California, Irvine, University of California, Riverside, IIIT Bangalore, IIT Bombay, IIT Madras, IIT Bhubaneswar and PEC Chandigarh in India,_NEWLINE_the Linnaeus University in Sweden,_NEWLINE_the University of Otago in New Zealand,_NEWLINE_the National University of Córdoba, the National University of Río Cuarto, in Argentina,_NEWLINE_the Federico Santa María Technical University in Chile, the Università degli Studi di Palermo University of Illinois at Chicago, Rutgers University, the Università degli Studi di Modena e Reggio Emilia in Italy, the University of Tehran in Iran, and the Federal University of Minas Gerais in Brazil.
YouNoodle's now discontinued "Startup predictor", part of the 2007-2010 entity and developed by Makharinsky and Hwang, uses mathematical models to predict the success of new businesses. The user fills in a questionnaire, which takes about half an hour to complete and concentrates on the business' concept, finances, founders and advisers. Because the procedure is designed for very new companies, questions on revenue and traffic are not included. The site then provides an estimate of what the company's value will be after three years and a score from 1 to 1000 representing its value as an investment. The service is free for the startups themselves, but YouNoodle intends to charge third parties for access to the results.  (The level of detail required by the questionnaire makes it difficult for people without inside knowledge of a company to provide the data for a prediction on their own.)_NEWLINE_The company's founders have declined to explain the algorithm in detail, but state that it takes into account the entrepreneurs' experience, networks and mutual relations. Information provided by companies which use the site's networking features is used to improve the algorithm. As of August 2008, the algorithm was based on data from 3,000 startups. In the same month the company had four patents pending on the technology.
The year 1153 was a watershed in the history of the Kingdom of the Isles. Not only did David I die late in May, but Óláfr himself was assassinated about a month later on 29 June, whilst Guðrøðr was still absent in Norway. According to the Chronicle of Mann, Óláfr had been confronted by three Dublin-based nephews—the Haraldssonar—the sons of his exiled brother, Haraldr. After hearing the demands of these men—that half of the kingdom should be handed over to them—a formal council was convened in which one of the Haraldssonar—a man named Rǫgnvaldr—approached Óláfr, raised his axe as if to salute the king, and decapitated him in a single stroke. In the resulting aftermath, the chronicle relates that the Haraldssonar partitioned the island amongst themselves. Whether the men attained any form of authority in the rest of the Isles is unknown. Once in control of Mann, the chronicle reveals that the men fortified themselves against forces loyal to Guðrøðr, the kingdom's legitimate heir, by launching a preemptive strike against his maternal grandfather, Fergus. Although the invasion of Galloway was repulsed with heavy casualties, once the Haraldssonar returned to Mann the chronicle records that they slaughtered and expelled all resident Gallovidians that they could find. This ruthless reaction evidently reveals an attempt to uproot local factions adhering to Guðrøðr and his mother._NEWLINE_Within months of his father's assassination, Guðrøðr executed his vengeance. According to the chronicle, he journeyed from Norway to Orkney, enstrengthened by Norwegian military support, and was unanimously acclaimed as king by the leading Islesmen. He is then stated to have continued on to Mann where he overcame his three kin-slaying cousins, putting one to death whilst blinding the other two, and successfully secured the kingship for himself. Guðrøðr's reliance upon Norwegian assistance, instead of support from his maternal-grandfather, could suggest that the attack upon Galloway was more successful than the compiler of the chronicle cared to admit. Additionally, the account of incessant inter-dynastic strife amongst the ruling family of Galloway, recorded in the twelfth-century Vita Ailredi, suggests that Fergus may have struggled to maintain control of his lordship by the mid 1150s, and may also explain his failure to come to Guðrøðr's aid following Óláfr's death._NEWLINE_The fact that Óláfr sent Guðrøðr to Norway in 1152 could suggest there had been anxiety over the succession of the Kingdom of the Isles, and that Guðrøðr rendered homage to Ingi Haraldsson, King of Norway in an effort secure assistance in safeguarding the kingship. The chronicle's account of Guðrøðr's return from Norway notes that he arrived with a fleet of five ships, which could indicate that overseas support was indeed obtained. The earlier episode of conflict between Óláfr's elder brothers, his own slaying at the hands of his nephews, and the later internecine struggles endured by his descendants, reveal that competition for the kingship of the Isles was incredibly competitive and exceptionally violent. The turn to Ingi occurred at about the same time that Norwegian encroachment superseded roughly thirty years of Scottish influence in Orkney and Caithness, and could be evidence of a perceived wane in Scottish royal authority in the first years of the 1150s. In November 1153, following the death of David I, Somairle seized the initiative and rose in revolt against the recently inaugurated Malcolm IV, King of Scotland. The dynastic challenges faced by Malcolm, and the ebb of Scottish influence in the Isles, may partly account for Guðrøðr's success in consolidating control of the kingdom, and may be perceptible in the seemingly more aggressive policy he pursued as king in comparison to his father._NEWLINE_Through Guðrøðr, Óláfr was the patrilineal-ancestor of later rulers of the Crovan dynasty, a kindred whose tenure of power in the Isles lasted until the second half of the thirteenth century. Through Ragnhildr, Óláfr was an important ancestor of the rulers of Clann Somairle, the descendants of Ragnhildr's husband Somairle. Whilst the union certainly testifies to Somairle's esteemed status, the key to his successful career may well have been the marriage itself. In fact, the early rulers of Clann Somairle appear to have owed their claim to the kingship of the Isles by right of their genealogical link to Óláfr through Ragnhildr._NEWLINE_Although the burial place of Óláfr is unrecorded and unknown, by the second quarter of the thirteenth century Rushen Abbey appears to have filled the role of royal mausoleum for the Crovan dynasty. Guðrøðr was himself buried on Iona, an island upon which the oldest intact building is St Oran's Chapel. Certain Irish influences in this building's architecture indicate that it dates to about the mid twelfth century. The chapel could well have been erected by Óláfr or Guðrøðr. Certainly, their family's remarkable ecclesiastical activities during this period suggest that patronage of Iona is probable.
AHI (AHI audio system) is a retargetable audio subsystem for AmigaOS, MorphOS and AROS. It was created by Martin Blom in the mid-1990s to allow standardized operating system support for audio hardware other than just the native Amiga sound chip, for example 16-bit sound cards._NEWLINE_AHI offers improved functionality not available through the AmigaOS audio device driver, such as seamless audio playback from a user selected audio device (in applications which supported AHI), standardized functionality for audio recording and efficient software mixing routines for combining multiple sound channels thus overcoming the four channel hardware limit of the original Amiga chipset. It also incorporated a unique mode that produced 14-bit playback using the Amiga chipset by combining two 8-bit channels set at different volumes. The first official release of AHI was in 1996. AHI became a widely supported standard for audio hardware and audio software on Amiga systems and was officially included in later operating system releases._NEWLINE_The author has stated that when referring to this software the correct term is 'AHI audio system' or just 'AHI' and not 'Audio Hardware Interface', term sometimes used by the press.
In computer science, in particular in the field of formal language theory,_NEWLINE_an abstract family of languages is an abstract mathematical notion generalizing characteristics common to the regular languages, the context-free languages and the recursively enumerable languages, and other families of formal languages studied in the scientific literature.
The company sold a range of laptop computers. The systems used Microsoft Windows rather than the RISC OS operating system developed by the original Acorn Computers and this incarnation of Acorn did not support or license any technologies or products of the original, apart from the name and trademark._NEWLINE_The reuse of the Acorn Computers Ltd name caused an amount of confusion and controversy, particularly amongst users of the original company's products.
The oldest child of a four-member family in Tehran, His studied the piano under the supervision of Kavous Samandar, Javad Maaroufi and Mostafa Pourtorab. His first concert was in "Aboureihan-e Birooni" Hall in Shahid Beheshti University at age 16. Since then he had several concerts worldwide._NEWLINE_He began his career as a Pop singer in March 1997 (Norouz 77) by performing "Eidaneh"  in TV. His first album, "Kouch-e Asheghaneh", published in 1999, with the hit single "Ghodsiane Aseman" made him one of the most popular singers of the new generation of pop singers after the Islamic Revolution._NEWLINE_He continued his career with Foad Hejazi as his co-worker and band director. He published four more albums with Foad and toured many cities in Iran with him._NEWLINE_In 2006, Assar started a new genre of Persian pop in collaboration with renowned conductor, Shahrdad Rohani and London Symphony Orchestra. "Open Secret" comprises seven pieces inspired by poetries from Ahmad Shamlou, Mohammad Reza Shafiei-Kadkani, Afshin Yadollahi, Shahkar Bineshpajuh, and Afshin Moqaddam. The work was recorded in  Abbey Road Studio._NEWLINE_After that Album, Assar published two more albums, "Mohtaseb" and "Bazi Avaz Shodeh".
The Aloisiuskolleg (AKO) ranks high each year at regional, national, and even international school competitions in sports, as well as in subjects like physics, chemistry, biology, mathematics, music, art, and computer sciences, and has won several awards. A PISA study ranked the school 4th in Germany and among the best in Europe. Also in other OECD studies the school is usually ranked highly.
The Amazon sales rank (ASR) provides an indication of the popularity of a product sold on any Amazon locale. It is a relative indicator of popularity that is updated hourly. Effectively, it is a "best sellers list" for the millions of products stocked by Amazon. While the ASR has no direct effect on the sales of a product, it is used by Amazon to determine which products to include in its bestsellers lists. Products that appear in these lists enjoy additional exposure on the Amazon website and this may lead to an increase in sales. In particular, products that experience large jumps (up or down) in their sales ranks may be included within Amazon's lists of "movers and shakers"; such a listing provides additional exposure that might lead to an increase in sales. For competitive reasons, Amazon does not release actual sales figures to the public. However, Amazon has now begun to release point of sale data via the Nielsen BookScan service to verified authors. While the ASR has been the source of much speculation by publishers, manufacturers, and marketers, Amazon itself does not release the details of its sales rank calculation algorithm. Some companies have analyzed Amazon sales data to generate sales estimates based on the ASR, though Amazon states:_NEWLINE_Please keep in mind that our sales rank figures are simply meant to be a guide of general interest for the customer and not definitive sales information for publishers—we assume you have this information regularly from your distribution sources_NEWLINE_— Amazon.com Help
Amirmachmud was born on 21 February 1923 at Cimahi, West Java. He was the second of five siblings and his father worked for a public company under the Dutch Colonial Government._NEWLINE_After completing his education in 1940, Amirmachmud began thinking of a career which he would undertake. In 1941 he took a topography course, although nothing ever came out of it.
In 1942, the Dutch Colonial Government was defeated by the Japanese Imperial Army and Indonesia came under the occupation of the Japanese Empire. By 1943, with the tide of the war beginning to turn against them, the Japanese established the Defenders of the Motherland Army (PETA). PETA was an auxiliary force which contained of Indonesians and was designed to bolster the number of troops for the Japanese and assist them in fighting the United States should they decide to invade Java. Amirmachmud joined PETA and rose to become a platoon Commander.
On 17 August 1945, nationalist leaders Sukarno and Mohammad Hatta proclaimed Indonesia's Independence. Days later, Sukarno called for able-bodied Indonesians to collect weapons and group themselves in preparation of the establishment of an Indonesian Army. Militia groups known as the People's Security Body (BKR) were formed and Amirmachmud headed one in Lembang, West Java._NEWLINE_In 1946, after the People's Security Army (TKR) had been established, the Lembang BKR was integrated into Kodam VI/Siliwangi (Siliwangi Division), a military regional command responsible for the security of West Java. Amirmachmud was then transferred to North Bandung, where he led his troops in battles against British troops and Dutch troops, who were eager to retain their colonial empire._NEWLINE_Amirmachmud and KODAM VI/Siliwangi was then forced to leave West Java in 1948 after the signing of the Renville Agreement. Under this agreement, the Indonesian Government was forced to recognize territories which had been taken under Dutch Control and this included West Java. Under the command of Colonel Abdul Haris Nasution, KODAM VI/Siliwangi was relocated in Central Java. During the same year, Amirmachmud would join his troops in a crackdown on the Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI) at Madiun._NEWLINE_In 1949, with the Dutch beginning to withdraw from Indonesia, Amirmachmud and his troops returned to West Java. There, Amirmachmud would be involved in skirmishes against the Darul Islam movement, a separatist group who wanted to establish a theocratic Indonesia under the religion of Islam. In 1950, Amirmachmud was also involved in a crackdown against the Just King Armed Forces (APRA), a military group which entered Bandung and started targeting TNI soldiers._NEWLINE_Once the situation began to settle down, Amirmachmud had a relatively uneventful military career and served as a Battalion Commander in Tasikmalaya and Garut before being appointed a Regimental Chief of Staff in Bogor. After serving in Bogor, Amirmachmud served as a Chief of Staff to the Commander of KODAM VI/Siliwangi.
This software doesn't use signature bases, it uses a checklist of known features, attributes, and methods that keyloggers are known use._NEWLINE_It analyzes the methods of work of all the modules in a PC, thus blocking the activity of any module that is similar to the work of keyloggers. Though this method gives better keylogging protection than signature-based anti-keyloggers, it has its own drawbacks. One of them is that this type of software blocks non-keyloggers also. Several 'non-harmful' software modules, either part of the operating system or part of legitimate apps, use processes which keyloggers also use, which can trigger a false positive. Usually all the non signature-based keyloggers have the option to allow the user to unblock selected modules, but this can cause difficulties for inexperienced users who are unable to discern good modules from bad modules when manually choosing to block or unblock.
Tapestry uses bytecode manipulation to transform page and component classes at runtime. This approach allows the page and component classes to be written as simple POJOs, with a few naming conventions and annotations potentially triggering substantial additional behavior at class load time. Tapestry versions 5.0, 5.1 and 5.2 used the Javassist bytecode manipulation library. Subsequent versions replaced Javassist with a new bytecode manipulation layer called Plastic that is based on ObjectWeb ASM.
Tapestry 5 versions up through 5.3 bundled the Prototype and script.aculo.us JavaScript frameworks, along with a Tapestry-specific library, so as to support Ajax operations as first-class citizens. Third party modules are available to integrate jQuery instead of, or in addition to, Prototype/Scriptaculous._NEWLINE_Starting with version 5.4, Tapestry includes a new JavaScript layer that removes built-in components' reliance on Prototype, allowing jQuery or another JavaScript framework to be plugged in._NEWLINE_Version 5.4 also introduces support for JavaScript modules using the RequireJS module loading system.
Tapestry has been criticized as not being backward-compatible across major versions, especially noted in the transition from version 4 to version 5, where no clean migration path was available for existing applications. Project team members have acknowledged this as a major problem for Tapestry's users in the past, and backward compatibility was made a major design goal for Tapestry going forward. From early on in the development of version 5, backward compatibility was listed as one of Tapestry's four new "Core Principles", and two of the other three were intended to make the evolution of the framework possible without sacrificing backward compatibility. Project team members claim that all Tapestry releases since 5.0 have been highly backward compatible._NEWLINE_Early criticisms of Tapestry 5 also mentioned documentation as a shortcoming. Project members now claim that this deficiency has been largely addressed with a thoroughly revised and updated User's Guide and other documentation._NEWLINE_Since version 5.0, Tapestry has bundled the Prototype and Scriptaculous JavaScript libraries. According to Howard Lewis Ship, in the 2008-2009 timeframe these were reasonable choices. Since then, however, Prototype's popularity has declined, and jQuery's has risen dramatically. In response, the Tapestry community developed modules that allowed jQuery to be used in addition to, or instead of, Prototype. Meanwhile, the current version of Tapestry, 5.4, removes the dependency on Prototype entirely, replacing it with a compatibility layer into which either jQuery or Prototype (or potentially any other JavaScript framework) can be plugged.
According to Howard Lewis Ship, Tapestry was initially conceived as an attempt to implement in Java some of the general concepts and approaches found in WebObjects, which was at that time written in Objective-C and closed-source._NEWLINE_Apache Wicket was developed as a response to the complexity of early versions of Tapestry, according to Wicket originator Jonathan Locke._NEWLINE_Facelets, the default view technology in JavaServer Faces, was reportedly inspired by early versions of Tapestry, as an attempt to fill the need for "a framework like Tapestry, backed by JavaServer Faces as the industry standard".
Based on the examination, the flight was uneventful until the approach. However, during the cruise stage of the flight, First Officer Davtyan stated: "**** it.. who operates such flights with the jitter and not enough sleep". This may indicate that he didn't have adequate sleeping hours, meaning he was fatigued at the time. The BEA also noted that neither pilot understood how the autopilot of an Airbus A320 works. Analysis of the internal communications at this stage of the flight shows that Captain Grigoryan was annoyed by the fact that in DESCENT mode (MANAGED MODE) the descent rate was not as high as he expected. BEA noted that in this mode, the descent rate is calculated automatically, depending on a number of parameters describing the descent, e.g. the aircraft attitude in relation to the preset profile and so on. This fact shows that either the Captain did not fully understand the autopilot work algorithm in the DESCENT mode, or was in a state of high psycho-emotional strain with an imperative to land at Sochi as soon as possible._NEWLINE_Flight 967 was then instructed by Sochi Tower to pass waypoint GUKIN and TABAN. It then passed both waypoints. While banking to turn to final approach, the rain started. First Officer Davtyan then overreacted by saying exclamation words, possibly due to emotional stress. The Sochi controller then told the crew of Flight 967 that the weather in Sochi had deteriorated, and instructed the pilot to abort their descent. The crew overreacted to this report, responding with negative words and expletives to the controller. The crew had been discussing the issue for three minutes, swearing about the controller's actions even between the items on the check list. Such behaviour by the crew must have inevitably resulted in an increase of their psycho-emotional stress._NEWLINE_The aircraft climbed, started to bank and the flaps were extended to 18°. At this point, Captain Grigoryan was heard in the CVR saying: "**** him" to the Sochi controller. The crew then contacted Sochi's holding controller, as well as the final controller. They then selected the "glide-slope capture" descent mode, which is an automatic descent. The aircraft was descending with two engaged autopilots and engaged auto-thrust. The speed was controlled by the auto-thrust at the target speed of 137 kn (254 km/h), stabilised on the glide-slope, in the landing configuration and ready for landing. The crew then proceed to the landing check list._NEWLINE_Sochi Tower instructed them to abort their descent and conduct a go-around, as low clouds had formed near the airport. The aircraft climbed, the thrust levers were moved to climb position, the flaps and slats remained fully extended, and the landing gear remained fully extended. A few minutes later, the "Speed Speed Speed" (LOW ENERGY) warning sounded. This warning advises the crew that "the aircraft energy is decreasing to the limit, below which the engine thrust must be increased to regain a positive angle of the flight path". At the moment when the aural warning sounded, the aircraft altitude was 1,150 ft (350 m), the crew then pushed the TO/GA button._NEWLINE_BEA stated that none of the crew's actions were important and necessary for a go-around procedure, such as extending the flaps and the landing gear. This demonstrated that, at that time, both flight crews' condition were not at the optimum level. BEA also suspected that the LOW ENERGY warning wasn't detected or noticed by the crew._NEWLINE_The autopilot was then disengaged by the crew, as they cast doubts on the autopilot (on the cruise stage of the flight, First Officer Davtyan joked about the autopilot, stating that Captain Grigoryan's autopilot was better than him, indicating that they had doubts about the autopilot and suspected that it wasn't functioning properly.) Captain Grigoryan then banked the aircraft to the right._NEWLINE_Both crew members then became more physically and emotionally stressed, as further conversations among them revealed that their intonations became higher and higher. The aircraft then decreased its pitch up attitude and banked to the right. Then, one of the crew stepped on the rudder pedals, causing the rudder to deflect. This was not necessary. The BEA suspect that Captain Grigoryan stepped the pedals, while under psycho-emotional stress. Due to the emotional stress he was suffering at the time, he didn't notice that he had stepped the pedals._NEWLINE_BEA then found that the crew may have been suffering a somatogravic illusion in flight. Somatogravic illusion, in aviation, is a type of optical illusion which can cause the crew to think that they are pitching up, while in reality, they are not. This could happen during night-time flying (causing the crew to lose their visual reference, as it was dark) accompanied by the lack of monitoring of the flight's indicator. Somatogravic illusion was responsible for the crash of Gulf Air Flight 072 in Bahrain. However, the BEA also suspected the specific features of the speed indication on the PFD, especially speed limitations for the Airbus A320 configuration that are shown as the red bars at the top of the speed indication strip. One of the crew members might have adopted the reflex acquired in training, for example, in response to a TCAS warning when the pilot is anxious to avoid the displayed red part of the instrument scale, which may result in the instinctive forward movement of the side stick, especially when the pilot is in a state of psycho-emotional strain. This version is substantiated by the fact that the pilot was monitoring the flight speed and its limitations (VFE) that depended on the Airbus A320 configuration and retracted the flaps and slats in a timely manner, and the control inputs on the side stick coincided with the moments when the current speed was getting close to the limit value. However, neither of these probable causes have enough evidence._NEWLINE_The crew of Flight 967 then communicated with Sochi Tower. Their words were not completed; "Sochi Radar, Armavia 967...". This was the last communication from Flight 967, as Captain Grigoryan ordered First Officer Davtyan to fully extend the flaps._NEWLINE_After First Officer Davtyan extended the flaps to full, few seconds later, the master warning sounded, and continued to do so until the end of the recording. The speed at the time was too fast, which could tear the flaps apart and could cause the plane to crash, similar to Austral Lineas Aereas Flight 2553. The plane was banking to the right. Flight 967 began a nose-down attitude and the flaps then retracted to 18°. Captain Grigoryan then made an 11° nose-down input, causing the plane to descend even further._NEWLINE_Captain Grigoryan aggravated the condition further by making a right bank input, causing the plane to bank severely to the right, with a roll angle of 39°. The Ground Proximity Warning System then sounded. First Officer Davtyan then ordered Captain Grigoryan to level off. At this moment, First Officer Davtyan intervened and moved the stick to the left position (20° to the left) to counter the increasing right bank, while Captain Grigoryan continued making his control inputs to increase the right bank. Apparently, First Officer Davtyan was trying to counter the bank only, as he also made a nose-down input, causing the plane to descend even further._NEWLINE_While intervening, First Officer Davtyan had not pressed the take-over push button, therefore, both pilot's control inputs were added and prohibited. This is known as dual input. Such dual piloting is prohibited. The dual input warning should have sounded at the time, however, because its priority is lower than the Ground Proximity Warning, it did not, and so neither pilot knew that they were making dual inputs on the aircraft._NEWLINE_The crew's attention might have been distracted by the controller's direction. The controller was sending the crew a 20-second long message, which was too long. While the plane was descending, one of the crew members suddenly moved the thrust lever way back, into its idle position, and then moved the thrust lever forward, causing the autothrottle to disengage. The crew then desperately tried to lift the plane up, but the plane impacted water at a speed of 285 knots (528 km/h), killing all on board instantly.
Assembla is a source code management tool specializing in providing cloud-based version control services for code projects and agile software development. They offer an additional project management tool for those using their cloud repositories._NEWLINE_Assembla hosts more than 100,000 client projects. Their customers range from game development firms, consultants, outsourcers, and digital agencies. Assembla offers Apache Subversion, Git, and Perforce code repositories. Additionally, Assembla integrates with tools such as Slack, GitHub, and JIRA.
In the C++ programming language, the assignment operator, =, is the operator used for assignment. Like most other operators in C++, it can be overloaded._NEWLINE_The copy assignment operator, often just called the "assignment operator", is a special case of assignment operator where the source (right-hand side) and destination (left-hand side) are of the same class type. It is one of the special member functions, which means that a default version of it is generated automatically by the compiler if the programmer does not declare one. The default version performs a memberwise copy, where each member is copied by its own copy assignment operator (which may also be programmer-declared or compiler-generated)._NEWLINE_The copy assignment operator differs from the copy constructor in that it must clean up the data members of the assignment's target (and correctly handle self-assignment) whereas the copy constructor assigns values to uninitialized data members.  For example:_NEWLINE_My_Array first;           // initialization by default constructorMy_Array second(first);   // initialization by copy constructorMy_Array third = first;   // Also initialization by copy constructorsecond = third;           // assignment by copy assignment operator
The language permits an overloaded assignment operator to have an arbitrary return type (including void). However, the operator is usually defined to return a reference to the assignee. This is consistent with the behavior of assignment operator for built-in types (returning the assigned value) and allows for using the operator invocation as an expression, for instance in control statements or in chained assignment. Also, the C++ Standard Library requires this behavior for some user-supplied types.
C++ supports assignment between different classes, both via implicit copy constructor and assignment operator, if the destination instance class is the ancestor of the source instance class:_NEWLINE_class Ancestor {_NEWLINE_ public:_NEWLINE_  int a;};class Descendant : public Ancestor {_NEWLINE_ public:_NEWLINE_  int b;};int main() {_NEWLINE_  Descendant d;_NEWLINE_  Ancestor a(d);_NEWLINE_  Ancestor b(d);_NEWLINE_  a = d;}_NEWLINE_Copying from ancestor to descendant objects, which could leave descendant's fields uninitialized, is not permitted.
An AED is "automatic" because of the unit's ability to autonomously analyse the patient's condition. To assist this, the vast majority of units have spoken prompts, and some may also have visual displays to instruct the user._NEWLINE_"External" refers to the fact that the operator applies the electrode pads to the bare chest of the victim (as opposed to internal defibrillators, which have electrodes surgically implanted inside the body of a patient)._NEWLINE_When turned on or opened, the AED will instruct the user to connect the electrodes (pads) to the patient. Once the pads are attached, everyone should avoid touching the patient so as to avoid false readings by the unit. The pads allow the AED to examine the electrical output from the heart and determine if the patient is in a shockable rhythm (either ventricular fibrillation or ventricular tachycardia). If the device determines that a shock is warranted, it will use the battery to charge its internal capacitor in preparation to deliver the shock. The device system is not only safer - charging only when required, but also allows for a faster delivery of the electric current._NEWLINE_When charged, the device instructs the user to ensure no one is touching the patient and then to press a button to deliver the shock; human intervention is usually required to deliver the shock to the patient in order to avoid the possibility of accidental injury to another person (which can result from a responder or bystander touching the patient at the time of the shock). Depending on the manufacturer and particular model, after the shock is delivered most devices will analyze the patient and either instruct CPR to be performed, or prepare to administer another shock._NEWLINE_Many AED units have an 'event memory' which store the ECG of the patient along with details of the time the unit was activated and the number and strength of any shocks delivered. Some units also have voice recording abilities to monitor the actions taken by the personnel in order to ascertain if these had any impact on the survival outcome. All this recorded data can be either downloaded to a computer or printed out so that the providing organisation or responsible body is able to see the effectiveness of both CPR and defibrillation. Some AED units even provide feedback on the quality of the compressions provided by the rescuer._NEWLINE_The first commercially available AEDs were all of a monophasic type, which gave a high-energy shock, up to 360 to 400 joules depending on the model. This caused increased cardiac injury and in some cases second and third-degree burns around the shock pad sites.  Newer AEDs (manufactured after late 2003) have tended to utilise biphasic algorithms which give two sequential lower-energy shocks of 120–200 joules, with each shock moving in an opposite polarity between the pads.  This lower-energy waveform has proven more effective in clinical tests, as well as offering a reduced rate of complications and reduced recovery time.
In 2003 Reichental became President and CEO of 3D Systems. Under his leadership, 3D Systems acquired several subsidiaries including Quickparts, an industrial manufacturing center, Z Corp, and Geomagic. _NEWLINE_In 2015, Reichental stepped down as CEO, and founded XponentialWorks, where he serves as Chairman and CEO. Based in Ventura, California, XponentialWorks is a venture, advisory, and product development firm focused on early and mature stage companies in the fields of 3D printing, robotics, artificial intelligence, and deep learning. _NEWLINE_From 2015 to 2017, Avi also served on the board of Harman International, until its acquisition by Samsung. _NEWLINE_In 2016 Reichental co-founded Centaur Analytics, where he serves as Chairman of the Board. Centaur Analytics produces wireless sensors for monitoring and adjusting food storage conditions.
Born in Brussels, Belgium, Cleeremans obtained an undergraduate degree in Psychology at the Université Libre de Bruxelles, he went on to obtain an MS degree in Cognitive Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University (Pittsburgh, PA).  At Carnegie Mellon, he subsequently completed his PhD under the supervision of James McClelland in 1991, on modelling of implicit sequence learning by means of artificial neural networks.  Thereafter he returned to the Université Libre de Bruxelles, where he worked as a Senior Research Assistant for two years, before becoming head of the Cognitive Science Research Unit in 1993 (currently Consciousness, Cognition & Computation Group), as a Research Associate funded by the National Fund for Scientific Research (currently as Research Director).  In 2001-2002 he spent a year as a visiting scholar at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
This implementation is written in Python; it is assumed that the input_list will be a sequence of integers. The function returns a new list rather than mutating the one passed in, but it can be trivially modified to operate in place efficiently._NEWLINE_ 1 def beadsort(input_list): 2     return_list = [] 3     # Initialize a 'transposed list' to contain as many elements as 4     # the maximum value of the input -- in effect, taking the 'tallest' 5     # column of input beads and laying it out flat 6     transposed_list = [0] * max(input_list) 7     for num in input_list: 8         # For each element (each 'column of beads') of the input list, 9         # 'lay the beads flat' by incrementing as many elements of the10         # transposed list as the column is tall.11         # These will accumulate atop previous additions.12         transposed_list[:num] = [n + 1 for n in transposed_list[:num]]13     # We've now dropped the beads. To de-transpose, we count the14     # 'bottommost row' of dropped beads, then mimic removing this15     # row by subtracting 1 from each 'column' of the transposed list.16     # When a column does not reach high enough for the current row,17     # its value in transposed_list will be <= 0.18     for _ in input_list:19         # Counting values > 0 is how we tell how many beads are in the20         # current 'bottommost row'. Note that Python's bools can be21         # evaluated as integers; True == 1 and False == 0.22         return_list.append(sum(n > 0 for n in transposed_list))23         # Remove the 'bottommost row' by subtracting 1 from each element.24         transposed_list = [n - 1 for n in transposed_list]25     # The resulting list is sorted in descending order26     return return_list
At the dedication of the multi-purpose main auditorium, the founder, Archbishop Benson Andrew Idahosa, said "in 1978, God told me I was going to build a university to the glory of his majesty... only God could have done that, as building a university in Nigeria then was the preserve of Federal and State Governments in Nigeria."_NEWLINE_The university commenced its academic programmes as Christian Faith University-Institute of Continuous Learning in 1993 at the Ugbor Campus. Successful candidates were admitted into two faculties - Basic Sciences and Management Sciences. National diploma degrees were awarded to students on completion of a two-year programme in affiliation with University of Benin, Benin City and Edo State University, Ekpoma (now Ambrose Ali University, Edo State). _NEWLINE_The head of management was referred to as the rector. The rector was Prof. Uche Gbenedio. With support from Mike Okagbare, the registrar, and Mr. Adams, the bursar. Candidates were admitted into programmes in computer science, computer technology, agriculture, accounting, economics and political science._NEWLINE_The university was later named "Benson Idahosa University" in 1998. In the 1999/2000 academic session, BIU had three faculties - Faculty of Basic and Applied Sciences, Faculty of Social and Management Sciences and Faculty of Arts and Education._NEWLINE_The university received the required license to operate as a private university in Nigeria from the National Universities Commission in February, 2002. _NEWLINE_The university's fourth faculty is the Faculty of Law, which currently has provisional accreditation from the Council of Legal Education._NEWLINE_In August, 2015, BIU opened its second campus, popularly known as Legacy Campus, Okha, with the movement of Faculty of Agriculture and Agricultural Technologies in August 2015 and commencement of Faculty of Engineering in September 2015. Prof. Ben Anyata became the First Dean, Faculty of Engineering in February, 2015._NEWLINE_In May, 2018, Prof. Sam Guobadia, the acting Vice Chancellor, announced the commencement of a new faculty, the Faculty of Basic Medical and Health Sciences, which is proposed to house the department of Medical Lab Sciences and Nursing.
The Brazilian Computer Society (Portuguese: Sociedade Brasileira de Computação, SBC) was established in 1978, as a scientific and educational organization dedicated to the advancement of Computer Science in Brazil and the associated technologies and applications. SBC is a leading forum for researchers, students and computing professionals working in the various fields of Computer Science and Information Technology, being the largest computer society in South America._NEWLINE_It is structurally organized as a Board of Directors, seven regional chapters and a network of 170 institutional representation offices in universities and research institutions throughout Brazil. Research activities are fostered by twenty seven Special Interest Groups.
Garuda Indonesia established Citilink as a low-cost brand in 2001 and operations commenced on 16 July that year with two Fokker F28 Fellowships transferred from the mainline fleet. Initial operations were from Surabaya on the island of Java to destinations not served by Garuda Indonesia's mainline fleet: Yogyakarta (also on Java); Balikpapan on the island of Borneo and Tarakan, North Kalimantan, just off Borneo's coast; and Makassar on the island of Sulawesi. By the end of 2001 Garuda had transferred five F28s to Citilink. In 2004 Citilink was serving ten destinations and Garuda began to replace the F28s with Boeing 737-300s. In 2008 Garuda temporarily suspended operations of Citilink, relaunching the brand in January 2009 after replacing the remaining Fokker F28s with more modern aircraft. In July 2010 Citilink operations were being conducted by two Boeing 737-300s and a Boeing 737-400.
The 2011, MSP360 Backup was released with support for Amazon S3. It was subsequently updated with support for Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform and a number of other cloud vendors._NEWLINE_In late 2011, MSP360 released a Windows Server Edition, followed by support for Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Exchange, and Bare Metal Restore._NEWLINE_MSP360 Backup added additional operating system support for Linux and macOS in 2015. A freeware version of MSP360 Backup also appeared that year.
MSP360 has developed a proprietary block-level algorithm that speeds data uploads during backups to the cloud. In addition, the company uses a proprietary image-based algorithm to back up complete systems as image files, while retaining the ability to recover only specific files from within those images, if desired._NEWLINE_MSP360 Backup supports the recovery of images directly to cloud-based virtual server services such as Amazon EC2, Azure Virtual Machines, and Google Compute Engine, as well as to bare-metal devices. The product can restore system images to computers with no operating system installed by using bootable USB or ISO disk images._NEWLINE_MSP360 Backup software supports synthetic full backup functionality for Amazon S3 and Wasabi Hot Storage. When performing a typical incremental backup sequence, it is advised to perform full backups from time to time. Which is time and resource consuming. To reduce the bandwidth and amount of data uploaded, with synthetic full backup feature software scans the data, previously backed up to the storage and uploads only new and modified blocks instead of the full set of files. According to MSP360 tests, synthetic full backups are up to 80 percent faster than a typical full image-based backup.
In Indonesian cuisine coconut sugar is called gula jawa (Javanese sugar) or gula merah (red sugar), while gula aren refers to palm sugar specifically made from aren palm. Some Indonesian foodstuffs are made with coconut sugar, including kecap manis (a sweet soya sauce) and dendeng (a meat preparation)._NEWLINE_Gula melaka is a Southeast Asian name for palm sugar or "malacca sugar", probably named for its origin in the state of Malacca, Malaysia. It is usually derived from coconut palms, but sometimes from other palms. It is used in savory dishes, but mainly in local desserts and cakes of the Southeast Asian region.
Collocation is a procedure used in remote sensing _NEWLINE_to match measurements from two or more different instruments._NEWLINE_This is done for two main reasons: _NEWLINE_for validation purposes when comparing measurements of the same variable, _NEWLINE_and to relate measurements of two different variables _NEWLINE_either for performing retrievals or for prediction._NEWLINE_In the second case the data is later fed into some type of statistical _NEWLINE_inverse method_NEWLINE_such as an artificial neural network, statistical classification algorithm, _NEWLINE_kernel estimator or a linear least squares. _NEWLINE_In principle, most collocation problems can be solved by a nearest neighbor search,_NEWLINE_but in practice there are many other considerations involved and the best method is_NEWLINE_highly specific to the particular matching of instruments._NEWLINE_Here we deal with some of the most important considerations along with specific examples._NEWLINE_There are at least two main considerations when performing collocations._NEWLINE_The first is the sampling pattern of the instrument._NEWLINE_Measurements may be dense and regular, such as those from a cross-track_NEWLINE_scanning satellite instrument.  In this case, some form of interpolation_NEWLINE_may be appropriate.  On the other hand, the measurements may be_NEWLINE_sparse, such as a one-off field campaign designed for some_NEWLINE_particular validation exercise._NEWLINE_The second consideration is the instrument footprint, which_NEWLINE_can range from something approaching a point measurement_NEWLINE_such as that of a radiosonde, or it might be several_NEWLINE_kilometers in diameter such as that of a satellite-mounted,_NEWLINE_microwave radiometer.  In the latter case, it is appropriate_NEWLINE_to take into account the instrument antenna pattern when_NEWLINE_making comparisons with another instrument having both a smaller_NEWLINE_footprint and a denser sampling, that is, several measurements_NEWLINE_from the one instrument will fit into the footprint of the other._NEWLINE_Just as the instrument has a spatial footprint, it will also have_NEWLINE_a temporal footprint, often called the integration time._NEWLINE_While the integration time is usually less than a second,_NEWLINE_which for meteorological applications is essentially instantaneous,_NEWLINE_there are many instances where some form of time averaging can considerably_NEWLINE_ease the collocation process._NEWLINE_The collocations will need to be screened based on both the time_NEWLINE_and length scales of the phenomenon of interest._NEWLINE_This will further facilitate the collocation process since _NEWLINE_remote sensing and other measurement data is almost always _NEWLINE_binned in some way._NEWLINE_Certain atmospheric phenomena such as clouds or convection are quite transient_NEWLINE_so that we need not consider collocations with a time error of more than an hour or so._NEWLINE_Sea ice, on the other hand, moves and evolves quite slowly, so that_NEWLINE_measurements separated by as much as a day or more might still be useful.
Colonial architecture in Surabaya (Dutch: Soerabaja) includes the legacy of neoclassical architecture and Dutch architecture built during the Dutch East Indies era. The old city in Surabaya is a tourist attraction but faces problems with the deterioration of older buildings. It includes Dutch architecture, has an Arab quarter and areas exhibiting Chinese influence. Jembatan Merah is an area known for its Dutch architecture._NEWLINE_Cosman Citroen designed a city hall in 1916 and planned the area of Ketabang. Museum Bank Indonesia, Surabaya is located in the former De Javasche Bank building. The House of Sampoerna i s a museum devoted to the history of clove cigarette (kretek) manufacturing in Indonesia and is housed in a Dutch colonial building (originally an orphanage) dating to 1864.
Reddy's teaching and research activities reflect his multidisciplinary perspectives, which he pursues largely through the Centre for Research in Computational and Applied Mechanics (CERECAM) at the University of Cape Town, a centre comprising academic staff and their students in five different departments, straddling the engineering disciplines, mathematics, and biomedical sciences._NEWLINE_He has made major contributions to the analysis of problems in solid mechanics, most notably plasticity.  He has developed and analysed new variational formulations, as well as associated solution algorithms, which have been implemented computationally, for both classical and gradient theories. The second area in which he has a substantial international reputation is in the development and analysis of mixed and related finite element methods. Beyond these major areas of activity, he has also made significant contributions to aspects of biomedical mechanics._NEWLINE_He is the author, co-author or editor of around 200 publications, including two research monographs, two texts, and three edited volumes of invited papers.  He has supervised to graduation 28 PhD and 36 Masters graduates, as well as 20 post-doctoral researchers._NEWLINE_The objective of his graduate text was to address a great need, in providing graduate students and researchers in engineering as well as others who do not have the requisite mathematical background, with an introduction to the mathematics that is essential to the study of boundary value problems and the finite element method. The work continues to be used in universities around the world, either as recommenced course text or for individual study._NEWLINE_The first edition of his research monograph, with Weimin Han, comprised a systematic treatment of mathematical aspects of classical plasticity from a modern perspective. The monograph captures the main results of the theoretical work by Reddy and co-authors over a number of years, and goes on to present some new results. The second edition includes new material on single-crystal plasticity and strain-gradient plasticity, to which Reddy has made significant contributions.
In the theory of programming languages in computer science, deforestation (also known as fusion) is a program transformation to eliminate intermediate lists or tree structures that are created and then immediately consumed by a program._NEWLINE_The term "deforestation" was originally coined by Philip Wadler in his 1990 paper "Deforestation: transforming programs to eliminate trees". _NEWLINE_Deforestation is typically applied to programs in functional programming languages, particularly non-strict programming languages such as Haskell. One particular algorithm for deforestation, shortcut deforestation, is implemented in the Glasgow Haskell Compiler. Deforestation is closely related to escape analysis.
Demus Productions was founded in 1994, making programmes for the BBC. They are currently the biggest independent radio production house in Scotland, making around 160 programmes each year for BBC Scotland, BBC Radio 2, as well as television programmes for BBC, STV and Channel 4._NEWLINE_Weekly strand radio shows on BBC Radio Scotland include the (Bronze) Sony Radio Award winning Janice Forsyth Show. Radio documentaries include a six-part jazz documentary on Verve Records founder Norman Granz for Radio 2, a four-part series The Scottish Suffragettes for BBC Radio Scotland using never-before-aired audio, Return to Goose Green (a soldier-turned-Church-of-Scotland minister's pilgrimage to the Falklands), The Sandmen Of the Gulf (about the first men to drill for oil in the Middle East) and The Herb Alpert Story for Radio 2, which included a rare interview with the man himself, one of the world's most successful songwriters._NEWLINE_In 2007, they completed the first series of The Atrocity Machine  for Channel 4Radio, a sonic tapestry that many have described as "a shocking, incoherent mess". Working with some of the best talent around today, Demus work closely with three separate teams of writers and performers, producing The Lewis Lectures (a wry look back at famous historical moments), Pythonesque live sketch show Sabotage and the dark satire of The Franz Kafka Big Band for BBC Radio Scotland._NEWLINE_2008 saw BBC1 Scotland transmit their observational documentary The Whisky Dream, following the re-opening of Bruichladdich  an historic distillery on the remote island of Islay._NEWLINE_One of the biggest ratings winners has been an emotional STV documentary following the highs and lows of arguably Scotland's toughest Sunday League Football teams. Other BBC TV documentaries include Vambo Rules, the story of the singer Alex Harvey, Full Cycle, a biopic of troubled cycling genius Graeme Obree who won four world titles on a bike built from a washing machine, as well as filming soul legend Dionne Warwick for The Gospel Channel in the United States._NEWLINE_They have also completed two series of Proud Parents for Channel 4 Daytime (features looking at celebrities through the eyes of their parents, letting the viewer witness emotional, touching encounters). These included Amir Khan, Aggie Mackenzie (How Clean Is Your House?), motorbike world champion James Toesland, Vic Reeves, Shobna Gulati (ex Coronation Street) and Carol Vorderman, starring alongside their parents._NEWLINE_Demus Productions  has also produced the BBC 6Music Funk & Soul Show on a Saturday evening, presented by Craig Charles for the past four years though their tender has now came to an end.
A distributed ledger (also called a shared ledger or distributed ledger technology or DLT) is a consensus of replicated, shared, and synchronized digital data geographically spread across multiple sites, countries, or institutions.  There is no central administrator or centralized data storage._NEWLINE_A peer-to-peer network is required as well as consensus algorithms to ensure replication across nodes is undertaken.  One form of distributed ledger design is the blockchain system, which can be either public or private.
The distributed ledger database is spread across several nodes (devices) on a peer-to-peer network, where each replicates and saves an identical copy of the ledger and updates itself independently. The primary advantage is the lack of central authority. When a ledger update happens, each node constructs the new transaction, and then the nodes vote by consensus algorithm on which copy is correct. Once a consensus has been determined, all the other nodes update themselves with the new, correct copy of the ledger.  Security is accomplished through cryptographic keys and signatures.
Distributed ledgers may be permissioned or permissionless. This determines if anyone or only approved people can run a node to validate transactions._NEWLINE_They also vary between the consensus algorithm. (Proof of work, Proof of Stake, or Voting systems). They may be mineable (you can claim ownership of new coins contributing with a node) or not mineable (the creator of the cryptocurrency owns all at the beginning).
Located about 50 miles east of Manhattan in Oakdale, New York, the Rudolph Campus was the original and primary campus of Dowling College. The campus sat along the Connetquot River, where Dowling's rowing team practiced and competed. The former Vanderbilt Mansion was divided into two buildings: Fortunoff Hall, which housed administration and hosted college events, and the Kramer Science Center, which contained the school's laboratory classrooms and where science, mathematics, and computer science classes were held. The other large building on campus was the Racanelli Learning Resource Center, where the school's library, cafeteria, and many classrooms were located, including the School of Business on the top floor._NEWLINE_Other buildings housed classrooms for education, music, and theater classes, including a small theater space in the Music and Arts building. Art created by students and local artists was displayed in the Anthony Giordano Gallery._NEWLINE_The Oakdale Residence Hall accommodated up to 207 undergraduate students, with a study lounge available to all residents 24 hours a day. Adjacent to the Residence Hall was the Curtin Student Center, which contained the campus gym. Upstairs was the Lion's Den, a place for students to unwind and socialize.
Nurul Elfira Loy Binti Ahmad Sabri, was born on 8 March 1994 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia to Ahmad Sabri and Filzah Binti Yusoff. She has four siblings: eldest brother Ahmad Ezzraa Loy, younger sister Nurul Ezlisa Loy, younger brother Ahmad Ezzrin Loy and youngest brother Ahmad Evvraa Loy.  She is of mix blood Malay-Javanese. She had completed her secondary education in SMK Bandar Tun Hussein Onn, Cheras and is now pursuing her tertiary education at KDU University College, Dip Ent Arts.
Eagleman & Sejnowski (2000abc) proposed a third alternative: visual awareness is neither predictive nor on-line, but is instead postdictive, such that the percept attributed to the time of the flash is a function of events that happen in the ~80 ms following the flash. This postdictive framework is consistent with findings in other fields, such as backward masking in visual psychophysics (Bachmann, 1994), or the color phi phenomenon. In backward masking, a stimulus followed in rapid succession by a second stimulus can block or modify the perception of the first one. In the color phi phenomenon, two colored dots presented sequentially within a small time and distance will appear to have changed color in the middle of their apparent trajectory. Since the viewer cannot know what the color of the second dot will be until having seen the second dot, the only explanation is that the conscious percept attributed to the "trajectory" of the dots is formed after the second dot has "arrived" at its destination. Eagleman & Sejnowski found that the perception attributed to the time of the flash depends on events in the next ~80 ms after the flash. In this way, they drew a correspondence between the flash-lag effect and the Fröhlich effect, wherein the first position of a moving object entering a window is misperceived._NEWLINE_A recent study tries to reconcile these different approaches by approaching perception as an inference mechanism aiming at describing what is happening at the present time. In particular, it could extend the motion extrapolation hypothesis by weighting this prediction by the precision of the current information.  Thus, the corrected position of the moving target is calculated by combining the sensory flux with the internal representation of the trajectory, both of which exist in the form of probability distributions. To manipulate the trajectory is to change the precision and therefore the relative weight of these two information when they are optimally combined in order to know where an object is at the present time.  For an object that moves predictably, the neural network can infer its most probable position taking into account this processing time. For the flash, however, this prediction can not be established because its appearance is unpredictable. Thus, while the two targets are aligned on the retina at the time of the flash, the position of the moving object is anticipated by the brain to compensate for the processing time: it is this differentiated treatment that causes the flash-lag effect.  Moreover, this could also explain related phenomena such as motion reversal.
Venkatasubbiah has compiled more than 10 dictionaries, including an eight-volume Kannada-Kannada Nighantu (Dictionary). This dictionary has also been translated to the Braille language by the Braille Transcription Centre of the Canara Bank Relief and Welfare Society. He has been writing the column, Igo Kannada for over a decade in the Kannada daily Prajavani. The articles published in Igo Kannada have been compiled into a book in four volumes. It is a social dictionary which encompasses an eclectic mix of Kannada phrases, usages, idioms and phrases. He has also authored a dictionary entitled Klishtapada Kosha (a dictionary of complex Kannada words) which was released to mark the Suvarna Karnataka (Silver Jubilee of the formation of Karnataka). It is the first of its kind in Kannada language which covers different language specifications such as derivation, punctuation, phoneme and morphological patterns of Kannada language as the language has evolved over the centuries._NEWLINE_Venkatasubbaiah is remembered for his work on Kannada dictionary science titled Kannada Nighantu Shastra Parichaya which came out exactly one hundred years after the first Kannada dictionary was authored by the German priest and Indologist Reverend Ferdinand Kittel in 1894. Between 1964 - 1969, while at the Kannada Sahitya Parishat (Kannada Literary Centre), he had the distinction of being its youngest president. As President, he was instrumental in increasing the society's financial grants from the Government. He was chief editor of the 'Kannada - Kannada Dictionary' project. He was involved in Kannada Encyclopaedia Project, Sahitya Sammelana (Literary Fest) at Karwar and Shravanabelagola and as the Editor of Kannada Sahitya Parishat's monthly magazine Kannada Nudi. He has served as the vice-president of the Lexicographical Association of India for 17 years. In 1998, he was appointed as an advisor to the multilingual dictionary project of the Institute of Asian Studies, Chennai, which comprises Japanese, Kannada, English and Tamil. He was also appointed as a consultative committee member in the Telugu lexicon project initiated by the Telugu Academy of the Government of Andhra Pradesh. He was the First President of Bidar District 1st Kannada Sahitya Sammelana (Kannada Literary Festival) held in the year 1974. He was honoured with the Presidency of 77th Akhila Bharata Kannada Sahitya Sammelana (All India Kannada Literary Meet) held at Bangalore on 2011.
In 1950 Erik Erikson created the term generativity to explain the Care stage in his theory of the stages of psychosocial development. The Care stage encompasses the middle ages of one’s life, from 40 through 64. Generativity was defined as the “ability to transcend personal interests to provide care and concern for younger and older generations.” It took over 30 years for generativity to become a subject of empirical research. Modern psychoanalysts, starting in the early 1990s, have included a concern for one’s legacy, referred to as an “inner desire for immortality”, in the definition of generativity._NEWLINE_More recently, the term has been adopted by people who deal with technology, first used by Johnathan Zittrain in 2006. Generativity in technology is defined as “the ability of a technology platform or technology ecosystem to create, generate or produce new output, structure or behavior without input from the originator of the system.” An example of this could be the iOS and Android mobile operating systems, for which developers have created millions of unique applications. It has been argued that the open Internet is both an inspiration of generativity and a means to spread the products of generativity. However, some people including Johnathan Zittrain fear that society and technology are moving away from a generative internet, claiming “A shift in consumer priorities from generativity to stability will compel undesirable responses from regulators and markets and, if unaddressed, could prove decisive in closing today’s open computing environments.”
Keatley, a Certified Dietitian-Nutritionist holds an MBA in Healthcare, BS in Nutrition from New York University, a degree in Culinary Arts from The Art Institute of New York City and continuing professional education from Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health._NEWLINE_During her time as a student Gina received multiple culinary awards from the New York chapter of the American Culinary Federation  as well as awarded with a  James Beard Foundation scholarship._NEWLINE_In June 2007 Gina co-founded Nourishing USA   and was CEO. Keatley spent five-years  as Director of Nutrition and Culinary Arts combating obesity and diabetes in food deserts in New York City. Gina also served as nutrition consultant for several partnership organizations including The New York Yankees, where she designed an outreach childhood weight management and wellness program. Delving into urban malnourishment issues and pushing for promotion of personal responsibility for health resulted in Turner Broadcasting naming her a CNN Hero She was also named a L’Oreal as a Woman of Worth. "Special Inspiration Awardee" at the Susan G. Komen Inspirational Awards. and a  Wiley College Women of Excellence Awardee._NEWLINE_In 2012, Keatley launched a private nutrition counseling center, Keatley Medical Nutrition Therapy. Gina received The President’s Council on Fitness, Sports & Nutrition Community Leadership Award in 2013._NEWLINE_In 2014, Keatley was named one of Collaborate Magazine’s 40 Under 40  for her accomplishments as one of industry’s top young professionals._NEWLINE_In fall 2015, Keatley became The American Ambassador of Malaysian Cuisine."I’m thrilled to have the opportunity to introduce America to this vibrant and diverse cuisine and create a new twist on traditional holiday recipes," explains Keatley. "One of the things I love most about the Malaysian cuisine is its unique blends of natural ingredients and spices that are highly influenced by the multicultural and megadiverse society in Malaysia."_NEWLINE_In 2017, Keatley became the Editor-in-chief of Spiralized Magazine  and Creative Director of Tasty Bytes Magazine  and developed the iOS apps Fork Up Phone Down and The Dinner Bell to support healthy eating initiatives._NEWLINE_In December 2017, Keatley became a professor of International Cuisine at Queens College, City University of New York. In May 2018, Keatley facilitated the launch of SIMMER, a tech and food collaboration uniting students from multidisciplinary fields to create food and health related technologies at The Tech Incubator at Queens College (TIQC). In Summer 2018, SIMMER began app development of Hungry4Halal, a mobile application connecting users with halal cuisine through recipes, restaurant mapping and engaging video content. In August 2018, Keatley lead a team to release Hungry4Halal. This culturally based app was created by students whom are underrepresented in the tech world, mainly young Muslim women along with a diverse and talented crew including veterans and tech mavens. The app was designed to connect users with halal cuisine through fun, enriching and tasty content._NEWLINE_"I am pleased to be able to unite students from varied international gastronomic backgrounds with a talented tech team all wrapped in a culturally competent bow." says International Foods Professor and Creative Director of Tasty Bytes Magazine, Gina Keatley. "This app fills a need for the user as well as its creators. It’s exciting to find new ways to encourage diverse foods in an optimistic, appetizing and tech friendly way."_NEWLINE_"The Hungry4Halal project brought together students who study nutrition and those who study computer science. With Professor Keatley’s encouragement and guidance, the team worked hard to make the app a reality, while they gained skills in business development, design, entrepreneurship, and marketing. It was a great experience for all those involved," says Ying Zhou, executive director, Queens College Tech Incubator.
Launched for the entire Drive suite in September 2016, "Explore" enables additional functionality through machine learning. In Google Sheets, Explore enables users to ask questions, such as "How many units were sold on Black Friday?", and Explore will return the answer, without requiring formula knowledge from the user._NEWLINE_In June 2017, Google expanded the Explore feature in Google Sheets to automatically build charts and visualize data,_NEWLINE_and again expanded it in December to feature machine learning capable of automatically creating pivot tables._NEWLINE_In October 2016, Google announced the addition of "Action items" to Sheets. If a user assigns a task within a Sheet, the service will intelligently assign that action to the designated user. Google states this will make it easier for other collaborators to visualize who is responsible for a task. When a user visits Google Drive or Sheets, any files containing tasks assigned to them will be highlighted with a badge._NEWLINE_In March 2014, Google introduced add-ons; new tools from third-party developers that add more features for Google Sheets.
In 1513, the Portuguese were the first Europeans to land on Ambon Island, and it became the new centre for Portuguese activities in Maluku following their expulsion from Ternate. The Portuguese, however, were regularly attacked by native Muslims on the island's northern coast, in particular Hitu, which had trading and religious links with major port cities on Java's north coast. They established a factory in 1521, but did not obtain peaceable possession of it until 1580. Indeed, the Portuguese never managed to control the local trade in spices, and failed in attempts to establish their authority over the Banda Islands, the nearby centre of nutmeg production. The creole trade language Portugis however was spoken well into the 19th century and many families still have Portuguese names and claim Portuguese ancestry._NEWLINE_The Portuguese were dispossessed by the Dutch on 22 February 1605, when Steven van der Hagen took over Fort Victoria without a single shot. Ambon was the headquarters of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) from 1610 to 1619 until the founding of Batavia, now Jakarta, by the Dutch. Around 1615, the English founded a settlement on the island at Cambello, which lasted until 1623.
Guy André Boy is a computer scientist, an aerospace and control engineer, as well as a cognitive scientist. He obtained his PhD in automation and systems design in 1980 at École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace (ISAE-SUPAERO), and his HDR (habilitation as research director) in Computer Science and Cognitive Science in 1992 at Pierre and Marie Curie University - Paris 6. His HDR thesis was titled Methods and Tools for Cognitive Human-Machine Interaction. His HDR Committee included Professors Joëlle Coutaz, Pierre Falzon, Jean-Gabriel Ganascia, Georges Duvaut, Brian R. Gaines, Yves Kodratoff, and Marc Pelegrin. He also obtained a master's degree in cognitive psychology at the University of Toulouse in 1983._NEWLINE_His work mainly focuses on cognition, aerospace systems and organizations since the late seventies sharing his time between academia and industry. In the early eighties, he created and led the Cognitive Ergonomics Group at ONERA. In the late eighties, he created and headed the Advanced Interaction Media Group at NASA Ames Research Center, California._NEWLINE_He was Founder and President of the European Institute of Cognitive Sciences and Engineering (EURISCO) in France – a research institute of Airbus and Thales Group. He led EURISCO from its creation in 1992 until its closing in 2008. EURISCO was a multidisciplinary organization made up of cognitive and social scientists, computer scientists, engineers and human factors specialists. It served students from various universities and engineering schools that were part of EURISCO's network of excellence. EURISCO focused strongly on its associations with the European aeronautical industry, research and education. In 2004, Guy André Boy co-founded with Bernard Claverie the French Cognitive Engineering School and center of excellence ENSC: École Nationale Supérieure de Cognitique in Bordeaux, France. He taught cognitive engineering and human-centered design in several universities including FIT, École Polytechnique (Paris), ISAE-SUPAERO, INSA and ENAC (Toulouse), Paris Descartes University, Civil Aviation University of China (Tianjin), University of Valenciennes, and ENSC._NEWLINE_In 2008, he joined IHMC as a senior research scientist. In 2009, he became University Professor at FIT where he created and directed HCDi, which supports the FIT HCD Ph.D. and Master's programs. In 2010, he was appointed Chief Scientist for HCD at NASA KSC (under an Intergovernmental Personal Act). He advised for several NASA projects including the Virtual Camera concept and tool for planetary exploration, which he created and developed, space robotics and the Glass Wall project for the renewal of launch control rooms. In 2013, he was nominated member of the Scientific Committee of European Commission's SESAR (Single European Sky Air Traffic Management) Joint Undertaking (SJU) Program, to provide advice to the SJU Executive Director, drafting of scientific opinions and provision of scientific advice._NEWLINE_Boy was inducted as a Fellow of the Air and Space Academy (Europe) in 2006,  and a Senior Member of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2009.
Boy's early cognitive engineering research was on the first Glass cockpit, conducted with Airbus and the French aviation authorities (1980–1984). He actively contributed to develop human-centered methods for cockpit design and certification of the first two crewmen cockpits. This early leadership in cognitive engineering led to an award from the French Ministry of Defense that supported part of his work at NASA Ames, where he developed an operation assistant system to enhance the control of the Orbital Refueling System of Space Shuttle (1984-1986). He coined the term "intelligent assistant systems" to denote systems that support human operators in safety-critical situations._NEWLINE_After two years in France (1987–1988), where he co-founded a start-up company on intelligent assistant systems, Dialogics/Dialexis, he returned to NASA Ames to work on electronic documentation for the Space Station Freedom (1989–1991). During this period, influenced by Douglas Englebart, who he worked with for a while, he developed an approach mixing hypertext and machine learning, leading to a system called Computer Integrated Documentation. This work led to a major publication on context-sensitive indexing._NEWLINE_Back to France, he was nominated leading expert in Information Society and Technology for the European Commission. He served as an expert for the European Space Agency to establish the area of human-machine interaction and artificial intelligence (1991–1992). Creating and developing EURISCO, he became a legal expert for aircraft accident investigations (1992-1994). He then started new investigations in cockpit design and produced the Cognitive Function Analysis (CFA) method that was extensively used in industry for the design of safety-critical systems. Commercial aircraft cockpits became more computerized and generated more studies in human-computer interaction (HCI). He combined HCI and artificial Intelligence approaches not only in the aerospace domain, but also in education through the use of software agents. He also created the Group Elicitation Method (GEM) that is used for knowledge elicitation in HCD, and more specifically in participatory design. He helped in the restructuring of Air France at the highest level using GEM. GEM was used in many industrial settings, e.g., Airbus, Nokia, Daimler, Toyota Europe and in several European Integrated Projects funded by the European Commission. He collaborated to the Handbook of Human-Computer Interaction with a chapter in knowledge elicitation for the design of software agents. He wrote an introductory text under the auspices of UNESCO on theories of human cognition to better understand the co-adaptation of people and technology, in knowledge management, organizational intelligence and learning, and complexity. He coordinated the French Handbook of Cognitive Engineering: A Human-Computer Interaction and Cognition (Traité d'Ingénierie Cognitive: IHM et Cognition)._NEWLINE_He then contributed to develop the field of HCI in France, and was Co-Founder of AFIHM, the French national equivalent of Association for Computing Machinery SIGCHI. He co-founded the first French ACM SIGCHI local chapter in Toulouse. He was the first French CHI paper Co-Chair (Inter-CHI 1993) with Jakob Nielsen, and was elected Executive Vice Chair of ACM SIGCHI (1995–1999), making him the first European ACM SIGCHI top executive. This service to the HCI community, together with Richard Anderson, contributed to the creation of several local chapters worldwide. Within the human-computer interaction community, he collaborated with colleagues that were influential throughout his professional life, including Jeff Bradshaw, John Carroll, Jonathan Grudin, Don Norman, Terry Winograd, among many others. In 2015, he was elected Co-Chair of the INCOSE Human-Systems Integration Working Group._NEWLINE_He also founded the HCI-Aero (Human-Computer Interaction in Aerospace) conference series in cooperation with ACM-SIGCHI, the International Ergonomics Association and the Air and Space Academy (Program Chair, 1998-2014). HCI-Aero conferences followed the Human-Machine Interaction and Artificial Intelligence in Aerospace conference series, also created by Boy (1986–1995). HCI-Aero conferences have become a major reference in the field of HCI in Aerospace (full papers are indexed in the ACM Digital Library). He also created the Technical Committee on Human-Factors and Ergonomics of the International Ergonomics Association (IEA), which he leads since 2008._NEWLINE_He scientifically led two main projects regarding safety and human-computer interaction in aeronautics: DIVA, a European project that tried to understand aircrew's awareness of both aircraft internal states and external situations using cognitive function analysis (1998-2001); and PAUSA, a French national project on authority distribution in air traffic management that contributed to the emergence of the Orchestra model for socio-cognitive analysis of multi-agent life-critical systems (2006-2008). This model and the development of HCDi led to the publication of the book, Orchestrating Human-Centered Design where he promotes education and training of leaders who understand technology, organizations and people (the TOP model). This book presents a humanist approach to design, engineering and more globally education. With Jen Narkevicius, he proposed a unification of HCD and systems engineering for a better definition of human-systems integration. He extended this HCD research effort on safety-critical systems to nuclear power plant control and management with two of his Ph.D. students. His research work is globally summarized in the discussion on cognitive engineering he had with Jean Pinet, a former Experimental Test Pilot of Concorde, and his dedication to automation, aerospace and education. Influenced by the work of Hiroshi Iishii, he proposed the shift from automation to tangible interactive objects. He has participated in NASA Blue Sky Study Groups for the "Small Pressurized Rover,"  (later called the "Lunar Electric Rover"). In 2012, he was the director of the International Space University Space Studies Program FIT/NASA-KSC local organizing committee and the chair of the team project of "what space can contribute to global STEM education."  The same year, he gave a TEDx talk on "Human-Centered Design: the STEAM Renaissance". He continues to work on risk taking and wrote an interdisciplinary book on the topic published by the Air and Space Academy.
In cardiac magnetic resonance imaging, tagging techniques make it possible to capture and store the motion information of myocardium in vivo. MR tagging uses a special pulse sequence to create temporary features – tags in the myocardium. Tags deform together with the myocardium as the heart beats and are captured by MR imaging. Analysis of the motion of the tag features in many images taken from different orientations and at different times can be used to track material points in the myocardium. Tagged MRI is widely used to develop and refine models of normal and abnormal myocardial motion to better understand the correlation of coronary artery disease with myocardial motion abnormalities and the effects of treatment after myocardial infarction. However, suffered from long imaging and post-processing times, tagged MRI was slow in entering into routine clinical use until the HARP algorithm was developed and published in 1999.
The game was released in July 2010 at the Classic Gaming Expo. At the exposition, 150 physical copies of the game were on sale. It was one of four new Atari 2600 titles released by AtariAge at the 2010 Classic Gaming Expo in Las Vegas, including Duck Attack!, K.O. Cruiser (a boxing game) and a port of Sega's 1981 arcade game Turbo. The effort was called "rough" but "amazing" by TechCrunch, citing the immense size constraints involved in creating the game. Destructoid called the game's controls "surprisingly capable", and The Escapist called the game's chiptune soundtrack "perfect". The A.V. Club noted the incongruity of seeing a "modern blockbuster" transformed into a devolved version on the 2600's "aesthetically abrasive" hardware._NEWLINE_The source code of the game was used to create an 8-bit poster representation of Master Chief. The cartridge version was rereleased through AtariAge in 2013._NEWLINE_In 2013 Smithsonian American Art Museum added Halo 2600 to its "The Art of Video Games" exhibition._NEWLINE_As of  August 2019, Halo 2600 is still the second-best selling game on AtariAge (the exclusive store to purchase the game).
Hyper-Threading Technology is a form of simultaneous multithreading technology introduced by Intel, while the concept behind the technology has been patented by Sun Microsystems. Architecturally, a processor with Hyper-Threading Technology consists of two logical processors per core, each of which has its own processor architectural state. Each logical processor can be individually halted, interrupted or directed to execute a specified thread, independently from the other logical processor sharing the same physical core._NEWLINE_Unlike a traditional dual-processor configuration that uses two separate physical processors, the logical processors in a hyper-threaded core share the execution resources. These resources include the execution engine, caches, and system bus interface; the sharing of resources allows two logical processors to work with each other more efficiently, and allows a logical processor to borrow resources from a stalled logical core (assuming both logical cores are associated with the same physical core). A processor stalls when it is waiting for data it has sent for so it can finish processing the present thread. The degree of benefit seen when using a hyper-threaded or multi core processor depends on the needs of the software, and how well it and the operating system are written to manage the processor efficiently._NEWLINE_Hyper-threading works by duplicating certain sections of the processor—those that store the architectural state—but not duplicating the main execution resources.  This allows a hyper-threading processor to appear as the usual "physical" processor and an extra "logical" processor to the host operating system (HTT-unaware operating systems see two "physical" processors), allowing the operating system to schedule two threads or processes simultaneously and appropriately. When execution resources would not be used by the current task in a processor without hyper-threading, and especially when the processor is stalled, a hyper-threading equipped processor can use those execution resources to execute another scheduled task. (The processor may stall due to a cache miss, branch misprediction, or data dependency.)_NEWLINE_This technology is transparent to operating systems and programs. The minimum that is required to take advantage of hyper-threading is symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) support in the operating system, as the logical processors appear as standard separate processors._NEWLINE_It is possible to optimize operating system behavior on multi-processor hyper-threading capable systems. For example, consider an SMP system with two physical processors that are both hyper-threaded (for a total of four logical processors). If the operating system's thread scheduler is unaware of hyper-threading, it will treat all four logical processors the same. If only two threads are eligible to run, it might choose to schedule those threads on the two logical processors that happen to belong to the same physical processor; that processor would become extremely busy while the other would idle, leading to poorer performance than is possible by scheduling the threads onto different physical processors. This problem can be avoided by improving the scheduler to treat logical processors differently from physical processors; in a sense, this is a limited form of the scheduler changes that are required for NUMA systems.
According to Intel, the first hyper-threading implementation used only 5% more die area than the comparable non-hyperthreaded processor, but the performance was 15–30% better.  Intel claims up to a 30% performance improvement compared with an otherwise identical, non-simultaneous multithreading Pentium 4. Tom's Hardware states: "In some cases a P4 running at 3.0 GHz with HT on can even beat a P4 running at 3.6 GHz with HT turned off." Intel also claims significant performance improvements with a hyper-threading-enabled Pentium 4 processor in some artificial-intelligence algorithms._NEWLINE_Overall the performance history of hyper-threading was a mixed one in the beginning. As one commentary on high-performance computing from November 2002 notes:_NEWLINE_Hyper-Threading can improve the performance of some MPI applications, but not all. Depending on the cluster configuration and, most importantly, the nature of the application running on the cluster, performance gains can vary or even be negative. The next step is to use performance tools to understand what areas contribute to performance gains and what areas contribute to performance degradation._NEWLINE_As a result, performance improvements are very application-dependent; however, when running two programs that require full attention of the processor, it can actually seem like one or both of the programs slows down slightly when Hyper-Threading Technology is turned on. This is due to the replay system of the Pentium 4 tying up valuable execution resources, equalizing the processor resources between the two programs, which adds a varying amount of execution time. The Pentium 4 "Prescott" and the Xeon "Nocona" processors received a replay queue that reduces execution time needed for the replay system and completely overcomes the performance penalty._NEWLINE_According to a November 2009 analysis by Intel, performance impacts of hyper-threading result in increased overall latency in case the execution of threads does not result in significant overall throughput gains, which vary by the application.  In other words, overall processing latency is significantly increased due to hyper-threading, with the negative effects becoming smaller as there are more simultaneous threads that can effectively use the additional hardware resource utilization provided by hyper-threading.  A similar performance analysis is available for the effects of hyper-threading when used to handle tasks related to managing network traffic, such as for processing interrupt requests generated by network interface controllers (NICs).  Another paper claims no performance improvements when hyper-threading is used for interrupt handling.
When the first HT processors were released, many operating systems were not optimized for hyper-threading technology (e.g. Windows 2000 and Linux older than 2.4)._NEWLINE_In 2006, hyper-threading was criticised for energy inefficiency. For example, specialist low-power CPU design company ARM stated that simultaneous multithreading (SMT) can use up to 46% more power than ordinary dual-core designs. Furthermore, they claimed that SMT increases cache thrashing by 42%, whereas dual core results in a 37% decrease. Intel disputed this claim, stating that hyper-threading is highly efficient because it uses resources that would otherwise be idle or underutilised._NEWLINE_In 2010, ARM said it might include simultaneous multithreading in its future chips; however, this was rejected in favor of their 2012 64-bit design._NEWLINE_In 2013, Intel dropped SMT in favor of out-of-order execution for its Silvermont processor cores, as they found this gave better performance with better power efficiency than a lower number of cores with SMT._NEWLINE_In 2017, it was revealed Intel's Skylake and Kaby Lake processors had a bug with their implementation of hyper-threading that could cause data loss.  Microcode updates were later released to address the issue._NEWLINE_In 2019, with Coffee Lake, Intel began to move away from including hyper-threading in mainstream Core i7 desktop processors except for highest-end Core i9 parts or Pentium Gold GPUs.  It also started recommending disabling hyper-Threading as new CPU vulnerability attacks were revealed which could be mitigated by disabling HT.
In May 2005, Colin Percival demonstrated that a malicious thread on a Pentium 4 can use a timing attack to monitor the memory access patterns of another thread with which it shares a cache, allowing the theft of cryptographic information. Potential solutions to this include the processor changing its cache eviction strategy or the operating system preventing the simultaneous execution, on the same physical core, of threads with different privileges. In 2018 the OpenBSD operating system has disabled hyper-threading "in order to avoid data potentially leaking from applications to other software" caused by the Foreshadow/L1TF vulnerabilities. In 2019 a set of vulnerabilities led to security experts recommending the disabling of hyper-threading on all devices.
Research using functional magnetic resonance imaging of the brain suggests that cognitive and affective-expressive forms of communication and self-reflection have distinct neural bases. Clinical findings have long suggested that verbalizations are often very incoherent when the individual is trying to put into words something deeply emotional. Identification of words naming emotions (happy, neutral, sad) was found to be faster than identification of corresponding facial expressions. Recognition of face expressions was more difficult to suppress in favor of the recognition of words than vice versa, the two conditions presenting different patterns of brain activation. These experimental results suggest that reading and recognition of face expressions are stimulus-dependent and perhaps hierarchical behaviors, hence recruiting distinct regions of the medial prefrontal cortex._NEWLINE_Research indicates that the representations of faces and objects in ventral temporal cortex are widely distributed and overlapping, face stimuli eliciting response patterns distinct from those elicited by object stimuli._NEWLINE_The phenomena that have been characterized clinically as “unconscious communication” may be defined systematically as emotional communication, which occurs both within and outside of awareness._NEWLINE_Research suggested that the fundamental mechanism at the basis of the experiential understanding of others’ actions is the activation of the mirror neuron system. A similar mechanism, but involving the activation of viscero-motor centers, underlies the experiential understanding of the emotions of others._NEWLINE_Activation of mirror neurons in a task relying on empathic abilities without explicit task-related motor components supports the view that mirror neurons are not only involved in motor cognition but also in emotional interpersonal cognition._NEWLINE_Evidence suggests that there are at least two large-scale neural networks: frontoparietal mirror-neuron areas related to perceptual-motor interactions with others, and cortical midline structures that engage in processing information about the self and others in cognitive and evaluative terms.
At the time of its unveiling in January, Steve Jobs claimed: "iPhone runs OS X" and runs "desktop class applications", but at the time of the iPhone's release, the operating system was renamed "iPhone OS"._NEWLINE_The original iPhone supported three major versions of the operating system before it was discontinued: iPhone OS 1, 2, and 3. However, the full iPhone OS 3 feature set was not supported, and the last update the original iPhone received was iPhone OS 3.1.3
The original operating system for the original iPhone, iPhone OS 1, featured Visual Voicemail, multi-touch gestures, HTML email, Apple's Safari web browser, threaded text messaging, an "iPod" music and video player app, a dedicated YouTube app and a Maps app powered by Google Maps. It also included basic Phone/contacts, Calendar, Photos, Stocks, Weather, Clock, Calculator, Notes, and Settings apps. However, many features like MMS, apps, and copy and paste were not supported at release, leading hackers jailbreaking their phones to add these features. Software updates from Apple gradually officially added these functions._NEWLINE_A v1.1 update alongside the introduction of the iPod Touch in September 2007 included an iTunes Store app that was the first new app to be added to the system._NEWLINE_iPhone OS 2 was released on July 11, 2008, at the same time as the release of the iPhone 3G, and introduced Apple's App Store supporting native third-party applications, Microsoft Exchange support, push e-mail, and other enhancements._NEWLINE_iPhone OS 3 was released on June 17, 2009 alongside the iPhone 3GS, and introduced copy and paste functionality, Spotlight search for the home screen, and new features for the YouTube app. iPhone OS 3 was available for the original iPhone as well as the iPhone 3G and 3GS. However, not all features of iPhone OS 3 (like MMS in the Messages app) were supported on the original iPhone._NEWLINE_iPhone OS 3.1.3 was the last version of iPhone OS (now iOS) to be released for the original iPhone.
There is no standard definition for ISO image files. ISO disc images are uncompressed and do not use a particular container format; they are a sector-by-sector copy of the data on an optical disc, stored inside a binary file. ISO images are expected to contain the binary image of an optical media file system (usually ISO 9660 and its extensions or UDF), including the data in its files in binary format, copied exactly as they were stored on the disc. The data inside the ISO image will be structured according to the file system that was used on the optical disc from which it was created._NEWLINE_ISO files store only the user data from each sector on an optical disc, ignoring the control headers and error correction data, and are therefore slightly smaller than a raw disc image of optical media. Since the size of the user data portion of a sector (logical sector) in data optical discs is 2,048 bytes, the size of an ISO image will be a multiple of 2,048._NEWLINE_The .iso file extension is the one most commonly used for this type of disc images. The .img extension can also be found on some ISO image files, such as in some images from Microsoft DreamSpark; however, IMG files, which also use the .img extension, tend to have slightly different contents. The .udf file extension is sometimes used to indicate that the file system inside the ISO image is actually UDF and not ISO 9660._NEWLINE_Any single-track CD-ROM, DVD or Blu-ray disc can be archived in ISO format as a true digital copy of the original. Unlike a physical optical disc, an image can be transferred over any data link or removable storage medium. An ISO image can be opened with almost every multi-format file archiver. Native support for handling ISO images varies from operating system to operating system._NEWLINE_Hybrid disc formats include the ability to be read by different devices, operating systems, or hardware. In the past, one example of this use was for a disc that supported both Microsoft Windows and Macintosh installations from a single disk image (by containing several file systems)._NEWLINE_An ISO can be "mounted" with suitable driver software, i.e. treated by the operating system as if it were a physical optical disc. Most Unix-based operating systems, including Linux and macOS, have built-in capability to mount an ISO. Versions of Windows beginning with Windows 8 also have such capability. For other operating systems software drivers can be installed to achieve the same objective._NEWLINE_Since there is no standard defining the ISO disc image file format, the term "ISO image" is sometimes used in a broader sense to refer to any disc image file of an optical disc, independent of the format it uses.
Infer, sometimes referred to as "Facebook Infer",  is a static code analysis  tool developed by an engineering team at Facebook along with open-source contributors. It provides support for Java, C, C++, and Objective-C , and _NEWLINE_is deployed at Facebook in the analysis of its Android and iOS apps (including those for WhatsApp, Instagram, Messenger and the main Facebook app)._NEWLINE_Infer has its roots in academic research on Separation Logic, a theory for the formal verification of software. Work on automatic program verification based on Separation Logic led to a succession of academic tools (including Smallfoot and SpaceInvader). Building on the academic work, Cristiano Calcagno, Dino Distefano and Peter O'Hearn, three researchers in London, co-founded the verification startup Monoidics in 2009, and Monoidics developed the first version of Infer. Monoidics was acquired by Facebook in 2013, and in 2015 the code of Infer was open-sourced._NEWLINE_As of 2013 when Infer was open-sourced it was claimed that hundreds of bugs/month identified by Infer were fixed by Facebook's developers before _NEWLINE_reaching production. By 2015 this had increased to over 1000 bugs/month._NEWLINE_Spotify, Uber, Mozilla, Sky, and Marks and Spencer are among the reported users of Infer.
Infer performs checks for null pointer exceptions, resource leaks, annotation reachability, missing lock guards, and concurrency race conditions in Android and Java code. It checks for null pointer problems, memory leaks, coding conventions and unavailable API’s in C, C++ and Objective C. _NEWLINE_Infer uses a technique called bi-abductionto perform a compositional program analysis that interprets program procedures independently of their callers. It is claimed that this enables Infer to scale to large codebases and to run quickly on code-changes in an incremental fashion, while still performing an inter-procedural analysis that reasons across procedure boundaries. _NEWLINE_Infer is wired up to the code review system at Facebook. Its deployment model is to comment automatically on code modifications as they are submitted for review, where it reports potential regressions.  It does this by incrementally analyzing code changes via a job on Facebook's continuous integration system which runs in its data centers._NEWLINE_Infer also has a domain specific language for abstract syntax tree linting, based on ideas from Model Checking for Computation Tree Logic._NEWLINE_Infer is mostly written in the OCaml programming language.
Persistent or permanent scatterer techniques are a relatively recent development from conventional InSAR, and rely on studying pixels which remain coherent over a sequence of interferograms. In 1999, researchers at Politecnico di Milano, Italy, developed a new multi-image approach in which one searches the stack of images for objects on the ground providing consistent and stable radar reflections back to the satellite. These objects could be the size of a pixel or, more commonly, sub-pixel sized, and are present in every image in the stack. That specific implementation is patented._NEWLINE_Some research centres and companies, were inspired to develop variations of their own algorithms which would also overcome InSAR's limitations. In scientific literature, these techniques are collectively referred to as persistent scatterer interferometry or PSI techniques. The term persistent scatterer interferometry (PSI) was proposed by European Space Agency (ESA) to define the second generation of radar interferometry techniques. This term is nowadays commonly accepted by scientific and the end user community._NEWLINE_Commonly such techniques are most useful in urban areas with lots of permanent structures, for example the PSI studies of European geohazard sites undertaken by the Terrafirma project. The Terrafirma project provides a ground motion hazard information service, distributed throughout Europe via national geological surveys and institutions. The objective of this service is to help save lives, improve safety, and reduce economic loss through the use of state-of-the-art PSI information. Over the last 9 years this service has supplied information relating to urban subsidence and uplift, slope stability and landslides, seismic and volcanic deformation, coastlines and flood plains.
In this interim period of "disaffected calm", the budding Iranian revival began to undermine the idea of Westernization as progress that was the basis of the Shah's secular reign, and to form the ideology of the 1979 revolution: Jalal Al-e-Ahmad's idea of Gharbzadegi – that Western culture was a plague or an intoxication to be eliminated; Ali Shariati's vision of Islam as the one true liberator of the Third World from oppressive colonialism, neo-colonialism, and capitalism; and Morteza Motahhari's popularized retellings of the Shia faith all spread and gained listeners, readers and supporters._NEWLINE_Most importantly, Khomeini preached revolt, and especially martyrdom, against injustice and tyranny was part of Shia Islam, and that Muslims should reject the influence of both liberal capitalism and communism, ideas that inspired the revolutionary slogan "Neither East, nor West – Islamic Republic!"_NEWLINE_Away from public view, Khomeini developed the ideology of velayat-e faqih (guardianship of the jurist) as government, that Muslims – in fact everyone – required "guardianship," in the form of rule or supervision by the leading Islamic jurist or jurists. Such rule was ultimately "more necessary even than prayer and fasting" in Islam, as it would protect Islam from deviation from traditional sharia law and in so doing eliminate poverty, injustice, and the "plundering" of Muslim land by foreign non-believers._NEWLINE_This idea of rule by Islamic jurists was spread through his book Islamic Government, mosque sermons, and smuggled cassette speeches by Khomeini among his opposition network of students (talabeh), ex-students (able clerics such as Morteza Motahhari, Mohammad Beheshti, Mohammad-Javad Bahonar, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Mohammad Mofatteh), and traditional businessmen (bazaari) inside Iran.
In 2000, at the age of 29, James finished his studies at Lund University in Sweden, where he majored in Computer Science, Software Engineering Management. After working as Interaction Designer and Software Developer at Scandvision Mediahouse, Framfab and Gravity e-Learning he started his first IT company InteraktionsBolaget in 2002 together with Adrian Bara, and Momail together with Roger Grönberg in 2005.
Pasquale's live shows include Live And Squeaky (1996), Twin Squeaks (1997), The Crazy World of Joe Pasquale (1998), Bubble And Squeak (2000), The Everything I Have Ever Done & The First of Many Goodbye Tours (2004), Does He Really Talk Like That? The Live Show (2005) and Return of the Love Monkey (2006)._NEWLINE_He has done six Royal Variety Performances, most recently in 2005. Pasquale once described how he got drunk one night causing the other performers to avoid him for the entire evening. The situation worsened when the Queen greeted the performers, including Pasquale, who was the 'most drunk' he had ever been._NEWLINE_In recent years Pasquale has begun acting on stage. In 1999, he appeared as a lead character in The Nerd. The show received rave reviews with one source describing it as "rib shatteringly funny". He returned to the stage in Autumn 2004 in the comedy Tom, Dick and Harry._NEWLINE_On 9 December 2001, during the first (and only) annual MuppetFest celebration, Pasquale performed on The Muppet Show Live which was staged at the Hollywood Palace in Hollywood. The Great Gonzo introduced him, saying..._NEWLINE_Hello, again. Y'know, one of favorite things about "The Muppet Show" was giving a break to talented newcomers. Tonight, we'd like to continue that tradition by introducing someone I recently discovered in England. This is his first appearance in America...and with your help, it can be his last. Ladies and Gentleman, the astounding and baffling Joe Pasquale!._NEWLINE_Pasquale performed in the Mel Brooks West End musical The Producers as Leo Bloom on a UK tour in 2007. He also played the role of King Arthur in Monty Python's Spamalot making his West End musical debut at the Playhouse Theatre and on UK tour from 2013 to 2015. _NEWLINE_From spring 2018 he played Frank Spencer on a UK tour of the stage adaptation of Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em to critical acclaim. He will reprise the role on another UK tour from spring 2020.
Modern Chinese dictionaries continue to use the Kangxi radical-stroke order, both in  traditional zìdiǎn (字典, lit. "character/logograph dictionary") for written Chinese characters and modern cídiǎn (詞典 "word/phrase dictionary") for spoken expressions. The  214 Kangxi radicals act as a de facto standard, which may not be duplicated exactly in every Chinese dictionary, but which few dictionary compilers can afford to completely ignore.  They also serve as the basis for many computer encoding systems, including Unihan. The number of radicals may be reduced in modern practical dictionaries, as some of the more obscure Kangxi radicals do not form any characters that remain in frequent use. Thus, the  Oxford Concise English–Chinese Dictionary (ISBN 0-19-596457-8), for example, has 188 radicals. The Xinhua Zidian,  a pocket-sized character dictionary  containing about 13,000 characters, uses 189 radicals. A few dictionaries also introduce new radicals, treating groups of radicals that are used together in many different characters as a kind of radical. For example, Hanyu Da Cidian, the most inclusive available Chinese dictionary (published in 1993) has 23,000 head character entries organised by a novel system of 200 radicals.
In early 1956 the Army Signal Corps at Fort Monmouth released a contract tender for the development of a van-mounted mobile computer as part of their Fieldata efforts. Fieldata envisioned a system where any sort of reports would be converted into text format and then sent electronically around an extended battlefield. At the recipient's end, it would be converted into an appropriate output, often on a line printer or similar device. By automating the process of routing the messages in the middle of the information flow, the Signal Corps was hoping to guarantee delivery and improve responsiveness. Fieldata can be thought of as a general purpose version of the system the US Air Force was developing in their SAGE system, which did the same task but limited to the field of information about aircraft locations and status._NEWLINE_The heart of Fieldata would be computer systems that would receive, store, prioritize and send the messages. The machines would have to be built using transistors in order to meet the size and power requirements, so in effect, the Army was paying to develop transistorized computers. In spite of this, most established players ignored the Army's calls for the small machine. Sylvania's director of development speculated that the Army's terminology in the contract may have hidden the apparent wonderful opportunity. In the end, RCA and Sylvania entered bids, along with a number of smaller companies with unproven track records. Sylvania's bid was the lower of the "big two", and they won the contract in September 1956._NEWLINE_The first experimental machine, retroactively known as MOBIDIC A, was delivered to Fort Monmouth in December 1959. By this time the Army had expressed increasing interest in the concept and had ordered four additional machines and associated software, including a COBOL compiler. The original contract for the experimental machine was for $1.6 million, but the new developments increased the total to between $20 and $30 million._NEWLINE_MOBIDIC B was supplied to the Army's Tactical Operations Center and featured dual CPUs for increased reliability._NEWLINE_MOBIDIC A/B weighed about 12,000 pounds (6.0 short tons; 5.4 t)._NEWLINE_MOBIDIC C was sent to Fort Huachuca as a software testing system. MOBIDIC D was ordered for the Army Security Agency in Europe, and MOBIDIC 7A was shipped to the 7th Army Stock Control Center in Zweibrücken, Germany. 7A's service entry was delayed due to the failure of the Army-supplied tape drives, but Sylvania replaced these with off-the-shelf commercial units and the system went operational in January 1962, the first off-shore deployment._NEWLINE_MOBIDIC C/D/7A weighed about 7,000 pounds (3.5 short tons; 3.2 t)._NEWLINE_The 7A unit was extremely successful in operation, cutting the time needed to order and deliver spare parts dramatically. Although Fieldata was developed for battlefield information, MOBIDIC was just as useful for other sorts of information as well, as the 7A machine demonstrated. It was so successful that the MOBIDIC D was diverted to the Army's 3922nd Ordnance Supply Control Agency in Orléans, France (Maison Fort) to replace the existing RAMAC 305 card system._NEWLINE_By 1962, however, the Army had lost interest in Fieldata and canceled the project. The B machine was no longer needed for Fieldata software development, and in 1965 it was purchased by the National Bureau of Standards for software development and research. The C, D, and 7A machines were later all moved to Karlsruhe, Germany, where they operated in the supply role for years._NEWLINE_MOBIDIC's success, independent of Fieldata's failure, led to additional Army contracts for the smaller AN/APQ-32 computers, which processed artillery radar data. The basic layout of the MOBIDIC system was also used for the AN/ASD-1 computer used on the Boeing RC-135 ELINT aircraft, the PARADE and TIDEWATER projects, and its basic circuitry was used extensively in the development of the IBM 7090 for the BMEWS systems._NEWLINE_As Sylvania had hoped, commercial interest in a small, low-cost, robust computer system seemed widespread. MOBIDIC was adapted into the Sylvania 9400 that was marketed towards factory automation systems. Two systems were ordered, one by the Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelligence in the Pentagon, and another by General Telephone in California. However, as the costs of trying to compete in the commercial computer market became clear, Sylvania decided to withdraw from the market, and General Telephone canceled their order. Both 9400's were built; General Telephone's intended delivery was used by Sylvania internally.
Richard Hendricks (Thomas Middleditch) is a shy, reclusive programmer for Hooli (a large corporation) living in a house in Palo Alto that serves as an "incubation" program run by Erlich Bachman (T.J. Miller).  Bachman, despite possessing the confidence that Hendricks lacks, seeks parties and drug use rather than sharing his experiences after he sold his application "Aviato".  Other cohabitants include Nelson "Big Head" Bighetti (Josh Brener) who is also a coworker at Hooli, Bertram Gilfoyle (Martin Starr), and Dinesh Chugtai (Kumail Nanjiani)._NEWLINE_While working at Hooli, Hendricks shares info with fellow employees about his startup project called "Pied Piper", an app that helps musicians avoid copyright infringement.  The app was readily dismissed by the staff so he tried pitching it to Peter Gregory (Christopher Evan Welch), a venture capitalist who awkwardly dismisses him.  Hendricks ends up pitching the app to Gregory's assistant Monica (Amanda Crew) instead.  Hooli CEO Gavin Belson (Matt Ross) is informed about the project by Donald "Jared" Dunn (Zach Woods).  The algorithm designed by Hendricks has more value than the app; it offers higher compression rates yet remains lossless.  If it were able to be applied successfully as a video codec, it could potentially become a billion-dollar business.  Belson commits to buy out Pied Piper from Hendricks, offering $10 million for full ownership at one point.  Gregory promises $200,000 for only 5% ownership of the company.  After leaving both Belson and Gregory unanswered, Hendricks suffers a panic attack and heads to a clinic._NEWLINE_He finds Monica outside who informs him that everyone is fighting for control of the algorithm, not the app: Belson wants the algorithm under his control, and intends to shut down Pied Piper after acquisition. Under Gregory, Hendricks could grow Pied Piper into the business he wants it to be while directing its future.  Hendricks resolves to leave Hooli and accept Gregory's offer.
From the investigations that have been reviewed in this article we can draw some direction as to how miR-92 could have important clinical implications. Thanks to the level of diversity in miRNA expression across cancers, using them as a diagnosis and classification tool has serious potential. The modest number of miRNAs present in the genome and in specific profiling experiments allow for highly resolved patterns without overly complex data sets. As an example, a set of miRNA profiles of well differentiated cancers was used to train a decision algorithm for application on another set of poorly differentiated tumours (for which clinical diagnosis is normally established by anatomical means). Successful diagnosis of the test set was significantly increased._NEWLINE_Apart from diagnosis and characterisation of cancers, there is also therapeutic value to the discovery of miR-92s involvement in essential cell physiology and in promoting cancer. Returning to our review of breast cancer, the isoform ERβ1 is well studied as having anti-proliferative effects and pro-apoptotic effects. We discussed that miR-92 targets and down regulates ERβ1, and evidence suggests that miR-92 is regulated by oestrogen which is upstream of the ERβ1. Evidence for this was demonstrated by growing MCF-7 cells in oestrogen depleted conditions and adding antagonists to the oestrogen receptors: Tamoxifen and E2. miR-92 was upregulated in response, suggesting that the likely oncogenic role for miR-92 in this context is inhibition of ERβ1 expression in the presence of oestrogen. Thus, a therapeutic strategy against breast cancer could be aimed at re-activating expression of ERβ1 through manipulation of miR-92 expression._NEWLINE_For HCC patients (discussed in the previous section), quantitative real time PCR (qRT-PCR) demonstrated a reduction of miR-92a in the plasma against healthy blood samples. This bears similarities to the discoveries made by profiling leukaemia patients (also discussed in the previous section). The expression differences in both cases was relative to miR-638 levels. miR-638 is an miRNA that seems to have a consistent presence in human blood plasma and may be physiologically necessary. This demonstrates that a decrease in the miR-92a:miR-638 ratio in human plasma may serve as a valuable diagnostic marker not only for leukaemia but also for solid tumours such as HCC._NEWLINE_In respect to the Medullablastoma studies, therapeutic strategy could include using antigomirs against the oncomir-1 cluster in patients harbouring an aberrant SHH/PATCHED pathway.
In recent years, image fusion has been used in many varieties of applications such as remote sensing, surveillance, medical diagnosis, and photography applications. The two major application examples of image fusion in the photography applications are fusion of multi-focus images and multi-exposure images. The main idea of image fusion is gathering important and the essential information from the input images into one image which that single image has ideally all of this information of the input images. The research’s history of image fusion is over 30 years with many scientific papers. The study of image fusion generally contains two aspects: image fusion methods and objective evaluation metrics . _NEWLINE_Multi-focus image fusion is a multiple image compression technique using input images with different focus depths to make an output image that preserves information. In visual sensor network (VSN), sensors are cameras which record images and video sequences. In many applications of VSN, a camera can't give a perfect illustration including all details of the scene. This is because of the limited depth of focus exists in the optical lens of cameras Therefore, just the object located in the focal length of camera is focused and cleared and the other parts of image are blurred. VSN has an ability to capture images with different depth of focuses in the scene using several cameras. Due to the large amount of data generated by camera compared to other sensors such as pressure and temperature sensors and some limitation such as limited band width, energy consumption and processing time, it is essential to process the local input images to decrease the amount of transmission data. The aforementioned reasons emphasize the necessary of multi-focus images fusion. Multi-focus image fusion is a process which combines the input multi-focus images into a single image including all important information of the input images and it's more accurate explanation of the scene than every single input image._NEWLINE_Vast researches for multi-focus image fusion have been done in the recent years and can be classified into two categories of transform and spatial domains. Common used transforms for image fusion are Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) and Multi-Scale Transform (MST)  . Recently, Deep Learning (DL) has been thriving in several image processing and computer vision applications. That is why DL based methods have been an attractive scientific discussion in image fusion researches.
Huang and Jing have reviewed and applied several focus measurements in the spatial domain for the multi-focus image fusion process, which are suitable for real-time applications. They mentioned some focus measurements including variance, energy of image gradient (EOG), Tenenbaum‟s algorithm (Tenengrad), energy of Laplacian of the image (EOL), sum-modified-Laplacian (SML), and spatial frequency (SF). Their conducted experiments showed that EOL of the image gave results with a better performance than the other methods like variance and spatial frequency .
Image fusion based on the multi-scale transform is the most commonly used and very promising technique. Laplacian pyramid transform, gradient pyramid-based transform, morphological pyramid transform and the premier ones, discrete wavelet transform, shift-invariant wavelet transform (SIDWT), and discrete cosine harmonic wavelet transform (DCHWT) are some examples of the image fusion methods based on the multi-scale transform   . These methods are complex and have some limitations e.g. processing time and energy consumption. For example, the multi-focus image fusion methods based on DWT require a lot of convolution operations, so it takes more time and energy for processing. Therefore, most of methods used in the multi-scale transform are not suitable for performing in real-time applications . Moreover, these methods are not very successful in edge places due to missing the edges of the image in the wavelet transform process. However, they create ringing artefacts in the output image and reduce its quality. Due to the aforementioned problems in the multi-scale transform methods, researchers are interested in multi-focus image fusion in the discrete cosine transform (DCT) domain. The DCT-based methods are more efficient in terms of transmission and archiving images coded in Joint Photographic Experts Group (JPEG) standard to the upper node in the VSN agent. A JPEG system consists of a pair of encoder and decoder. In the encoder, images are divided into non-overlapping 8×8 blocks, and the DCT coefficients are calculated for each one of them. Since the quantization of DCT coefficients is a lossy process, many of the small-valued DCT coefficients are quantized to zero, which correspond to high frequencies. The DCT-based image fusion algorithms work more properly when the multi-focus image fusion methods are applied in the compressed domain. In addition, in the spatial-based methods, the input images must be decoded and then transferred to the spatial domain. After implementation of the image fusion operations, the output fused images must again be encoded. Therefore, the DCT domain-based methods do not require complex and time-consuming consecutive decoding and encoding operations. Therefore, the image fusion methods based on DCT domain operate with an extremely less energy and processing time. Recently, a lot of research works have been carried out in the DCT domain. DCT+Variance, DCT+Corr_Eng, DCT+EOL, and DCT+VOL are some prominent example in DCT based methods .
Nowadays, the deep learning is utilized in image fusion applications such as multi-focus image fusion. Liu et al. were the first researchers that used CNN for multi-focus image fusion. They used the Siamese architecture for comparing the focused and unfocused patches. C. Du et al. submitted MSCNN method that obtains the initial segmented decision map with image segmentation between the focused and unfocused patches through the multi-scale convolution neural network. H. Tang et al. introduced the pixel-wise convolution neural network (p-CNN) for classification of the focused and unfocused patches . All of these CNN based multi-focus image fusion methods have enhanced the decision map. Nevertheless, their initial segmented decision maps have a lot of weakness and errors. Therefore, satisfaction of their final fusion decision map depends to use vast post-processing algorithms such as Consistency Verification (CV), morphological operations, watershed, guiding filters, and small region removal on the initial segmented decision map. Along with the CNN based multi-focus image fusion methods, fully convolutional network (FCN) is also utilized in multi-focus image fusion.
The Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) based multi-focus image fusion methods have recently attracted enormous attention. They greatly enhanced the constructed decision map compared with the previous state of the art methods that have been done in the spatial and transform domains. Nevertheless, these methods have not reached to the satisfactory initial decision map, and they need to undergo vast post-processing algorithms to achieve a satisfactory decision map. In the method of ECNN, a novel CNNs based method with the help of the ensemble learning is proposed. It is very reasonable to use various models and datasets rather than just one. The ensemble learning based methods intend to pursue increasing diversity among the models and datasets in order to decrease the problem of the overfitting on the training dataset. It is obvious that the results of an ensemble of CNNs are better than just one single CNNs. Also, the proposed method introduces a new simple type of multi-focus images dataset. It simply changes the arranging of the patches of the multi-focus datasets, which is very useful for obtaining the better accuracy. With this new type arrangement of datasets, the three different datasets including the original and the Gradient in directions of vertical and horizontal patches are generated from the COCO dataset. Therefore, the proposed method introduces a new network that three CNNs models which have been trained on three different created datasets to construct the initial segmented decision map. These ideas greatly improve the initial segmented decision map of the proposed method which is similar, or even better than, the other final decision map of CNNs based methods obtained after applying many post-processing algorithms. Many real multi-focus test images are used in our experiments, and the results are compared with quantitative and qualitative criteria. The obtained experimental results indicate that the proposed CNNs based network is more accurate and have the better decision map without post-processing algorithms than the other existing state of the art multi-focus fusion methods which used many post-processing algorithms._NEWLINE_This method introduces a new network for achieving the cleaner initial segmented decision map compared with the others. The pro- posed method introduces a new architecture which uses an ensemble of three Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) trained on three different datasets. Also, the proposed method prepares a new simple type of multi- focus image datasets for achieving the better fusion performance than the other popular multi-focus image datasets. This idea is very helpful to achieve the better initial segmented decision map, which is the same or even better than the others initial segmented decision map by using vast post-processing algorithms. The source code of ECNN is available in http://amin-naji.com/publications/ and https://github.com/mostafaaminnaji/ECNN
Yamaha, Roland and Korg now have sampling as a default option with the Yamaha Motif line (introduced 2001), the Roland Fantom series (introduced 2001)  and the Korg Triton (introduced 1999), Korg OASYS, and Korg M3 Workstations have a fairly large screen to give a comprehensive overview of the sound, sequencer and sampling options. Since the display is one of the most expensive components of these workstations, Roland and Yamaha initially chose to keep costs down by not using a touch screen or high-resolution display, but have added such in later models._NEWLINE_Another path of music product development that started with the feature set of music workstations is to provide entirely software-based products, using virtual instruments.  This is the concept of the digital audio workstation, and many of these products have emulated the multitrack recording metaphors of sequencers first developed in the music workstations._NEWLINE_Open Labs introduced the Production Station in 2003,  which changed the relationship of the music workstation and the personal computer from a model where the music workstation interfaces to the PC into one where the music workstation is a PC with a music keyboard and a touch screen display._NEWLINE_A variation on Open Labs' approach, Korg released the Korg OASYS in 2005. OASYS housed inside a keyboard music workstation housing a computer running a custom operating system built on the Linux kernel. OASYS was an acronym for Open Architecture SYnthesis Studio, underscoring Korg's ability to release new capabilities via ongoing software updates. OASYS not only included a synthesizer, sampling, and a sequencer, but the ability to digitally record multi-track audio. OASYS was discontinued in 2009, and Korg Kronos, an updated version built on the same concept, was introduced in January, 2011.
NU was established in 1926 as an organization for orthodox Muslims opposed to the modernist policies of the Muhammadiyah organization, which rejected pre-Islamic Javanese traditions. The organization was established after The Committee of Hijaz had fulfilled its duty and about to be dissolved. The organization was established by Hasyim Asy'ari, the head of an Islamic religious school in East Java. The organization expanded, but the base of its support remained in East Java. By 1928, the NU was using the Javanese language in its sermons, alongside Arabic._NEWLINE_In 1937, despite poor relations between the NU and Muhammidayah, the two organizations established the Supreme Islamic Council of Indonesia (Indonesian: Majlis Islam A'laa Indonesia, MIAI) as a discussion forum. They were joined by most of the other Islamic organizations in existence at the time. In 1942, the Japanese occupied Indonesia and in September a conference of Islamic leaders was held in Jakarta. The Japanese wanted to replace the MIAI, but the conference not only decided to maintain the organization, but also elected political figures belonging to the PSII to the leadership, rather than members of the non-political NU or Muhammadiyah as the occupiers had wanted. Just over a year later, the MIAI was dissolved and replaced by the Japanese-sponsored Masyumi (Consultative Council of Indonesian Muslims). Hasjim Asjari was the notional chairman, but in practice the new organization was led by his son, Wahid Hasyim. Other NU and Muhammadiyah figures held leadership positions._NEWLINE_In 1945, Sukarno and Hatta declared Indonesian independence. During the Indonesian war of independence, the NU declared that the fight against the Dutch colonial forces was a holy war, obligatory for all Muslims. Among the guerrilla groups fighting for independence were Hizbullah and Sabillilah, which were led by the NU.
During the fall of Suharto, Nahdlatul Ulama members and Islamic clerics were killed by rioters in Banyuwangi in East Java when a witchhunt against alleged sorcerers spiralled out of control. Following the fall of Suharto and his replacement by Vice-president B. J. Habibie, in July 1998 Gus Dur announced the establishment of the National Awakening Party  (Indonesian: Partai Kebangkitan Bangsa, PKB). On 10 November, Gus Dur met with other pro-reform figures Amien Rais, Megawati Sukarnoputri and Sultan Hamengkubuwono. The so-called Ciganjur Four, named after the location of Gus Dur's house, issued a declaration calling the Habibie administration "transitional" and calling for elections to be brought forward and for the Indonesian Military to end its political role_NEWLINE_In Indonesia's first free elections since 1955, held on 7 June 1999, the PKB won 13 percent of the vote. In the ensuing session of the People's Consultative Assembly, Gus Dur was elected President of Indonesia, defeating Megawati by 373 votes to 313. However, he was deposed just two years later. The PKB subsequently split into two warring factions, one led by Gus Dur's daughter, Yenny Wahid. An attempt in 2008 by Gus Dur to involve President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in resolving the dispute failed, and the PKB vote in the 2009 elections was half that of the previous vote in 2004. At its 2010 conference, held in Makassar, the NU decided not to discuss the split, and passed a resolution banning officials from holding political posts, seen as a commitment to avoiding future political involvement._NEWLINE_After the conference, concerns about the longer term role of the NU continued to attract comment in the national media. During 2011, for example, there was continuing discussion about the national role that the NU should play and about the close political links between the NU and the National Awakening Party (PKB).  Comments by Gus Dur's daughter, Yenny Wahid, for example, reflected these concerns when she said that the NU was fragmenting and "sliding into irrelevance".
Kayal graduated with a B.Tech from the Computer Science Department of the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (IITK), India in 2002. In that year, he, Manindra Agrawal and Nitin Saxena proposed the AKS Primality Test, which attracted worldwide attention, including an article in the New York Times. _NEWLINE_Kayal received his PhD in theoretical computer science from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur. He did postdoctoral research at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton and at Rutgers University. Since 2008, he has been working with the Microsoft Research Lab India as a researcher.
Neeraj Kayal was given the Distinguished Alumnus Award of the IITK, for his work in computational complexity theory. He is also a recipient of the Gödel prize and the Fulkerson Prize for the same along with his co-authors.  In 2012, he was awarded the Young Scientist Award from the Indian National Science Academy (INSA) for contributions to the development of arithmetic complexity theory including the development of a deterministic algorithm for primality testing, the resolution of the constant fan-in conjecture for depth three circuits, and a reconstruction algorithm for arithmetic formulas.
To keep a modular architecture for easy inclusion of new algorithms, Newton-X is organized as a series of independent programs connected by general program drivers. For this reason, a large amount of input/output is required during the program's execution, reducing its efficiency. When dynamics is based on ab initio methods, this is normally not a problem, as the time bottleneck is in the electronic structure calculation. Low efficiency due to input/output can, however, be relevant with semiempirical methods._NEWLINE_Other problems with the current implementation are the lack of parallelization of the code, especially of the couplings computation, and the restriction of the program to Linux systems.
ODBPP has been designed to function in both a procedural style and encapsulated object C++ style. Although the object style still uses the procedural method to interface with the database at the low level, in the example the procedural method is demonstrated.
Workers are at risk of physical injuries due to the large number of high-powered machines in the relatively close proximity of the oil refinery.  The high pressure required for many of the chemical reactions also presents the possibility of localized system failures resulting in blunt or penetrating trauma from exploding system components.  However, Bureau of Labor (BLS) statistical reports indicate that petroleum refinery workers have a significantly lower rate of occupational injury (0.7 OSHA-recordable cases per 100 full-time workers) than all industries (3.1), oil and gas extraction (1.0), and petroleum manufacturing in general (1.6)._NEWLINE_Heat is also a hazard. The temperature required for the proper progression of certain reactions in the refining process can reach 1600 degrees F.  As with chemicals, the operating system is designed to safely contain this hazard without injury to the worker.  However, in system failures this is a potent threat to workers’ health.  Concerns include both direct injury through a heat illness or injury, as well as the potential for devastating burns should the worker come in contact with super-heated reagents/equipment._NEWLINE_Noise is another hazard. Refineries can be very loud environments, and have previously been shown to be associated with hearing loss among workers.  The interior environment of an oil refinery can reach levels in excess of 90 dB. An average of 90 dB is the OSHA Permissible Exposure Limit (PEL) for an 8 hour work-day.  Noise exposures that average greater than 85 dB over an 8 hour require a hearing conservation program to regularly evaluate workers' hearing and to promote its protection.  Regular evaluation of workers’ auditory capacity and faithful use of properly vetted hearing protection are essential parts of such programs._NEWLINE_While not specific to the industry, oil refinery workers may also be at risk for hazards such as vehicle-related accidents, machinery-associated injuries, work in a confined space, explosions/fires, ergonomic hazards, shift-work related sleep disorders, and falls.
The problem of packing multiple rectangles of varying widths and heights in an enclosing rectangle of minimum area (but with no boundaries on the enclosing rectangle's width or height) has an important application in combining images into a single larger image. A web page that loads a single larger image often renders faster in the browser than the same page loading multiple small images, due to the overhead involved in requesting each image from the web server._NEWLINE_An example of a fast algorithm that packs rectangles of varying widths and heights into an enclosing rectangle of minimum area is here.
Pagani unveiled the final version of the Zonda R, called Zonda Revolución to clients and family members during "Vanishing Point 2013", the International Pagani gathering. The central monocoque is carbon-titanium, giving the Zonda Revolución a curb weight of 1,070 kg (2,359 lb). The 6.0 L (5,987 cc) Mercedes-AMG V12 engine is an evolution of the Zonda R's powerplant, which now develops an output of 800 PS (588 kW; 789 hp) and 730 N⋅m (538 lbf⋅ft) of torque, resulting in a power to weight ratio of 758 PS per tonne. The Xtrac 672 6-speed transversal and sequential gearbox changes gears in 20 milliseconds. The 12 stage traction control developed by Bosch and the renewed ABS system allows the car to further adapt to the driver's driving style. The aerodynamic components include new and updated canards on the front, as well as a vertical stabilizer supporting the main rear wing. Beside using the R Evolution's body, the Zonda Revolución also features a DRS (Drag Reduction System) on the rear wing. The system has two different operating modes, both can be activated by the driver at any time. The manual system is controlled with the DRS button on the steering wheel. The rear wing changes between maximum and minimum down-force settings, at the occurrence of a lateral acceleration of 0.8 g and a minimum speed of 100 km/h (62 mph). Holding down the DRS for more than two seconds engages the DRS to work automatically according to the algorithms developed by the Pagani engineers during the development phase. The main rear wing also utilises mounts on the side of the vehicle alongside a smaller wing at the end of the vertical stabiliser. The Brembo braking system adopts new CCMR discs derived from F1 technology. With a weight saving of 15% compared to the previous CCM discs, the CCMR offer higher stiffness and lower operating temperatures on extreme track use. This contributes to the life of the disc which is increased by four times, with no sign of fading and a significant overall increase in braking power. Each Revolución, of which only five were built, was priced at €2.2 million before taxes.
He studied physics at the University of Graz, where he received his doctorate in 1872. After doctorate, he worked at the grammar school in Klagenfurt, then in Trieste, and in 1875 he came to the Imperial and Royal Naval Academy in Rijeka for professors of physics and mechanics and leader physics laboratory; From 1880 he has also run a meteorological station. Rijeka Academy then was one of the top higher education and research institutions of Austria-Hungary, with carefully selected staff and excellently equipped. At the request of E. Mach, who has not managed to experimentally prove his theory shockwave, Salcher in 1886 with the help of collaborators Sandor Riegler, who was then a professor of chemistry and physics at the Rijeka Higher Commercial School, conceived the experiment and the world's first spent ultrafast Photographic recording of a phenomenon accompanying a fly grenade flight through the air. The recording was done by the method invented in 1859-64. Developed by August Toepler, Salcher's professor from Graz. A short exposure was achieved using an electric spark, and a total of 80 shots were recorded. The results of that experiment Salcher, in collaboration with E. Macho, published in 1887 in the paper Fotografsko bilježenje pojava u zraku uzrokovanih projektilima (Photographische Fixirung der durch Projectile in der Luft eingeleiteten Vorgänge)._NEWLINE_According to his idea, Salcher continued his experiments, and in 1887, in collaboration with John Whitehead, in the torpedo factory in Rijeka, he photographed the superficial occurrences of air leakage from high pressure tanks. Today, it is considered that these experiments were the starting point for the development of modern testing in aerodynamic tunnels. One month after the first Röntgen trial in 1896, Salcher demonstrated the use of X-ray in Rijeka's first public lecture in Rijeka, and soon after that, the X-ray device began to be used at the Rijeka City Hospital. Salcher was one of the most prominent figures in Rijeka's scientific and cultural life, a lecturer and author of textbooks, scientific and popular articles, an active member of the Rijeka Natural Science Club and a prominent photojournalist.
Phase Distinction is a property of programming languages that observe a strict division between types and terms. A concise rule for determining whether phase distinction is preserved in a language or not has been proposed by Luca Cardelli - If A is a compile-time term and B is a subterm of A, then B must also be a compile-time term. _NEWLINE_Most statically typed languages conform to the principle of phase distinction. However, some languages with especially flexible and expressive type systems (notably dependently typed programming languages) allow types to be manipulated in the same ways as regular terms. They may be passed to functions or returned as results._NEWLINE_A language with phase distinction may have separate namespaces for types and run-time variables. In an optimizing compiler, phase distinction marks the boundary between expressions which are safe to erase.
Putu Wijaya is the youngest of eight siblings (three of them from a different father). He lived in a large housing complex with around 200 people who were all members of the same extended family, and were accustomed to reading. His interest in literature came not from his immediate family but his extended family, and as a primary school student, he read classics like Anton Chekhov and William Shakespeare. His father, I Gusti Ngurah Raka, was hoping for him to become a doctor, but he was weak in the natural sciences. He liked history, language and geography. As a child, he used to sneak out to see traditional dance dramas or wayang. But it wasn't until high school, when he participated in a performance of Anton Chekhov's The Bear, that his love for theater began._NEWLINE_Not long after he finished junior high school his first works were published in Suluh Indonesia, and several years later his works appeared in the "Fajar" (Dawn) column of Mimbar Indonesia (Indonesian Pulpit) magazine. Within five years his essays and stories were being published in Minggu Pagi (Sunday Morning) and Majalah Djawa (Java Magazine)._NEWLINE_After graduating from high school, he continued his tertiary education in Yogyakarta, studying at the Indonesian Fine Arts Academy and the Drama and Film Arts Academy, before graduating with a law degree from Gadjah Mada University. While in Yogyakarta, he became involved in theater and performed in several theater groups including Bengkel Teater and Sanggar Bambu. In 1969, his play Lautan Bernyanyi (Chanting ocean) was awarded third place in a drama-writing contest organized by the Indonesian National Theater Development Agency._NEWLINE_From Yogyakarta, Putu moved to Jakarta where he launched his literary career while working as a journalist for Tempo and Zaman. He retained his interest in theater and, soon after arriving in Jakarta, joined Teater Kecil and Teater Populer.
Since 1971 he has led the Teater Mandiri, widely regarded as Indonesia's foremost theater collective, where his philosophy of creating a tontonan (spectacle) helps to establish a dialogue between author and audience. The first of his plays staged by Teater Mandiri was Aduh, which was presented at the Taman Ismail Marzuki performing arts center in 1973. Written in 1972, the play tells the story of how a group of people react to the intrusion of a stranger into their lives. The stranger is dying but instead of helping him they keep questioning him and arguing among themselves until, finally, he dies. In 2011, as part of its 40th anniversary celebration, Aduh was included in a trilogy staged by the Teater Mandiri. Presented under the title Trik (The Trick), the three plays are all among his well-known works: Apakah kita sudah merdeka? (Are we free yet?), Aduh and Setan (Devil). In 2010, his works took center stage when 28 of his monologues and four of his drama pieces were presented at the second Indonesian Theater Forum in Solo (Surakarta), Central Java._NEWLINE_His short stories often appear in the columns of the daily newspapers Kompas and Sinar Harapan, and he has been called "The Father of Short Stories". His novels are also often published in the magazines Kartini, Femina and Horison. As a script writer, he has twice won the Citra Award at the Indonesian Film Festival, for the movies Perawan Desa (1980) and Kembang Kertas (1985). He has also received recognition outside Indonesia as well. This has included fellowships to study kabuki in Japan, a residency at the University of Iowa's International Writing Program, and a Fulbright Scholarship to teach Indonesian theater at universities in the United States. Two of his plays have been staged, while in manuscript, in Madison, Connecticut and at the La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club in New York City. His writing has been translated into Japanese, Arabic and Thai as well as English._NEWLINE_He continues to be a prominent figure in the promotion of Indonesian literature and culture. In 2011 he participated in the launch of the Lontar Foundation's Modern Library of Indonesia, a series of Indonesian novels translated into English. His novel Telegram was one of the first ten novels to be included in the series, and marks the first time this novel has been translated into English.
Ratna was born on 6 December 1965 in Banten, then part of West Java, although she largely grew up in East Java. She attended elementary school in Kediri, middle school in Banyuwangi, and high school in Bondowoso, before moving to Denpasar to study economics at the University of National Education. She later graduated with a masters in management from Udayana University and with a doctorate in public administration from Brawijaya University.
In the 2004 legislative election, Ratna won a seat in Jembrana Regency's municipal council representing PDI-P._NEWLINE_A year later, in 2005, partly with support from her husband, she ran as the regent of Banyuwangi in the regency's first direct election. Initially attempting to run with PDI-P, she failed to secure support in the party's January 2005 convention despite support from grassroots members, but ran anyway with the support of 18 political parties (including the Prosperous Justice Party and the National Mandate Party, although the former later withdrew) unrepresented in the municipal council. Running with M Yusuf Nuris (also known as Gus Yus), who was well-connected to local kyai, she secured the support of some PDI-P cadres and supporters of incumbent Samsul Hadi (who failed to run in the election). Her appeal during campaigning was described as "feminine" and "clean", and she conducted grassroots campaigning by meeting street vendors and visiting traditional markets. In addition, Ratna also promoted free education and healthcare programs, as her husband applied in Jembrana._NEWLINE_Eventually, she managed to win 311,653 votes (39.32%) in the five-candidate race, winning in 21 of the 24 subdistricts._NEWLINE_Throughout her campaigning period, Ratna had faced resistance from Muslim ulema leaders, as she had been accused of changing her religion from Hinduism to Islam in order to win the election. She was also accused of blasphemy against Islam by omitting a verse from Sūrah Yā-Sīn she distributed during the campaigning. Her appointment saw significant protests from the aforementioned groups, with the municipal council initially refusing to swear Ratna into office._NEWLINE_She was eventually sworn into office by East Java governor Imam Utomo on 20 October 2005, making her both the first directly elected and first female regent for Banyuwangi. Unlike typical regents, however, she was not sworn in at the municipal council building.
Soon after the allegations were made, 88 Duke professors (referred to sometimes as the "Group of 88",  sometimes referred to as the "Gang of 88") from the Trinity College of Arts & Sciences placed an ad in The Chronicle referring to the circumstances surrounding the allegations as a "social disaster" and quoting primarily anonymous individuals citing racism and sexism in the Duke community.  The advertisement concluded, "We're turning up the volume [...] To the students speaking individually and to the protestors making collective noise, thank you for not waiting and for making yourselves heard," and "These are the students shouting and whispering about what happened to this young woman."  Notable signatories included Houston Baker, Miriam Cooke, Anne Allison, Cathy Davidson, Ariel Dorfman, Michael Hardt, Alice Kaplan, Claudia Koonz, Pedro Lasch, Walter Mignolo, Mark Anthony Neal and Alex Rosenberg. The ad was spearheaded by faculty member Wahneema Lubiano._NEWLINE_In three departments, more than half of faculty signed the statement. The department with the highest proportion of signatories was African and African-American Studies, with 80%. Just over 72% of the Women's Studies faculty signed the statement, Cultural Anthropology 60%, Romance studies 44.8%, Literature 41.7%, English 32.2%, Art & Art History 30.7%, and History 25%. No faculty members from the Pratt School of Engineering or full-time law professors signed the document.  Departments that had no faculty members sign the document include Biological Anthropology and Anatomy, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Economics, Genetics, Germanic Languages/Literature, Psychology and Neuroscience, Religion, and Slavic and Eurasian Studies._NEWLINE_In January 2007, many months after the initial print of the ad, a new letter was posted at the Concerned Duke Faculty website signed by 87 faculty members stating that the original ad was misinterpreted. The letter states that the intent of the original ad was to address issues of racism and sexism in the community and not to prejudge the case._NEWLINE_In January 2007, lacrosse team member Kyle Dowd filed a lawsuit against Duke University and visiting associate professor and signatory to the original ad, Kim Curtis, claiming that he and another teammate were given failing grades on their final paper as a form of retaliation after the scandal broke. The case has been settled with the terms undisclosed except that Dowd's grade was altered to a P._NEWLINE_Dowd's mother emailed another original signatory, Houston Baker, who continued after the charges had been dropped to accuse her son and the others of being "hooligans, rapists," and called her "the mother of a farm animal."_NEWLINE_Another signatory, Thavolia Glymph, said she was disappointed because "since the DNA results were returned Monday, we [have been] moving backwards." The DNA results indicated that there was neither any sexual nor physical connection between the stripper and the players she accused._NEWLINE_Seventeen faculty members of the economics department sent a letter showing support for the players on January 6, 2007, saying, "We regret that the Duke faculty is now seen as prejudiced against certain of its own students," and telling the players that they are more than welcome to enroll in their courses.
Born in New York City, Floyd finished school at age 14. At the University of Chicago, he received a Bachelor's degree in liberal arts in 1953 (when still only 17) and a second bachelor's degree in physics in 1958. Floyd was a college roommate of Carl Sagan._NEWLINE_Floyd became a staff member of the Armour Research Foundation (now IIT Research Institute) at Illinois Institute of Technology in the 1950s. Becoming a computer operator in the early 1960s, he began publishing many papers, including on compilers (particularly parsing). He was a pioneer of operator-precedence grammars, and is credited with initiating the field of programming language semantics in Floyd (1967). He was appointed an associate professor at Carnegie Mellon University by the time he was 27 and became a full professor at Stanford University six years later. He obtained this position without a Ph.D._NEWLINE_He received the Turing Award in 1978 "for having a clear influence on methodologies for the creation of efficient and reliable software, and for helping to found the following important subfields of computer science: the theory of parsing, the semantics of programming languages, automatic program verification, automatic program synthesis, and analysis of algorithms"._NEWLINE_Floyd worked closely with Donald Knuth, in particular as the major reviewer for Knuth's seminal book The Art of Computer Programming, and is the person most cited in that work. He was the co-author, with Richard Beigel, of the textbook The Language of Machines: an Introduction to Computability and Formal Languages._NEWLINE_Floyd married and divorced twice, including with computer scientist Christiane Floyd, and he had four children. In his last years he suffered from Pick's disease, a neurodegenerative disease, and thus retired early in 1994 (age 58). His hobbies included hiking and he was an avid backgammon player:_NEWLINE_We once were stuck at the Chicago O'Hare airport for hours, waiting for our flight to leave, owing to a snow storm. As we sat at our gate, Bob asked me, in a casual manner, "do you know how to play backgammon?" I answered I knew the rules, but why did he want to know? Bob said since we had several hours to wait perhaps we should play a few games, for small stakes of course. He then reached into his briefcase and removed a backgammon set._NEWLINE_My Dad taught me many things. One was to be wary of anyone who suggests a game of pool for money, and then opens a black case and starts to screw together a pool stick. I figured that this advice generalized to anyone who traveled with their own backgammon set. I told Bob that I was not going to play for money, no way. He pushed a bit, but finally said fine. He proceeded instead to give me a free lesson in the art and science of playing backgammon._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_I was right to pass on playing him for money—at any stakes. The lesson was fun. I found out later that for years he had been working on learning the game. He took playing backgammon very seriously, studied the game and its mathematics, and was a near professional. I think it was more than a hobby. Like his research, Bob took what he did seriously, and it is completely consistent that he would be terrific at backgammon_NEWLINE_— Richard J. Lipton.
Ponder was born in El Dorado, Arkansas. Shortly after his birth, his father died and his mother, a telephone operator, left to return with him to the family farm. It was there that Ponder lived and was raised by his mother and grandparents who owned a sizeable farm, general store, feed business and service station. Ponder's grandfather served as a mentor and role model. Starting at a very young age, and continuing through his college years, he worked closely with his grandfather in the family business._NEWLINE_When he was in high school, his mother remarried and the family moved to Magnolia, Arkansas, where he completed high school and college. After completing his undergraduate work in Industrial Management and Engineering, scholarships eventually led him to both Louisiana Tech University for an MBA and Mississippi State University, where he completed his Doctorate in Business Administration. He majored in Operations Research and Computer Science, the latter a fairly new and embryonic field of study.
SORCER is a computing platform that allows the end user to program dynamic front-end compound services, called exertions, bound at runtime by the SORCER OS (SOS) to federations of service providers as new back-end dynamic services.  The SOS utilizes the service object-orient architecture (SOOA) and a federated method invocation. The front-end services created by the end users are service collaborations of users' applications, tools, and utilities with their data and corresponding control strategies. The end users in understandable domain specific languages (DSL) define only their service-oriented process expressions and the SOS makes that process expressions actualized by the corresponding dynamic service federations in the network._NEWLINE_SORCER is a federated service-oriented platform with a front-end federated service-oriented programming environment, a matching operating system, and a federated virtual processor. The architecture of SORCER is based on the concept: Everything Anywhere Anytime As a Service (EaaaS). Therefore, the end user service requests (front-end expression) as well service providers (back-end federations) are treated as services. SORCER is the first platform that created front-end service-oriented mogramming (programming or modeling or both) as the key element of its federated service orientation. SORCER mograms are called exertions. The exertion-oriented programming has its roots in the FIPER project. An exertion as the front-end service composition defined by the user is bound by the SORCER OS (SOS) to service providers (local and/or remote) to form a matching collaborative service federation at runtime - a virtual service processor of the SORCER platform.
The film received generally mixed reviews from critics, who praised the acting, particularly the performances of Bell and Wahlberg, while criticizing the gruesome nature of the story. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 37% of 120 critics have given the film a positive review, with a rating average of 4.62/10. The site's consensus was, "Saw II is likely to please the gore-happy fans of the original, though it may be too gruesome for those not familiar with first film's premise." Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, gives the film a score of 40 based on 28 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews"._NEWLINE_Robert Koehler of Variety gave the film a negative review, saying "cooking up new Rube Goldberg torture contraptions isn't enough to get Saw II out of the shadow of its unnerving predecessor". Gregory Kirschling of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a B minus, saying "Saw II is just barely a better B flick than Saw" and that both films are "more clever and revolting than they are actually chilling". He praised Bell's performance as Jigsaw, saying "As the droopy-lidded maniac in the flesh, Tobin Bell is, for all the film's gewgaws, Saw II's sturdiest horror, a Terence Stamp look-alike who calls to mind a seedy General Zod lazily overseeing the universe from his evildoer's lair".  He ended his review: "Where Saw II lags behind in Saw's novelty, it takes the lead with its smoother landing, which is again primed to blow the movie wide open, but manages a more compelling job of it than the original's cheat finish"._NEWLINE_Kevin Crust of the Los Angeles Times gave the film a positive review, calling Saw II a "worthy follow-up to its grisly predecessor". He said the story was "much more focused on an endgame than the original film. There are fewer credibility gaps and there are plenty of reversals to satisfy fans". He criticized the use of numerous flashbacks, saying that it "rob[s] us of the pleasure of actually remembering for ourselves". Laura Kern, writing for The New York Times, gave it a mixed review, saying that Bousman "delivers similar hard-core, practically humorless frights and hair-raising tension, but only after getting past a shaky beginning that plays more like a forensics-themed television show than a scary movie" and called Greutert's editing "crafty". She called the sequel "more trick than treat" and that it "doesn't really compare to its fine predecessor - though it still manages to be eye-opening (and sometimes positively nauseating) in itself".  Empire's Kim Newman gave the film three out of five stars. He said that the film improves upon Saw's "perverse fascination with Seven-style murders and brutally violent puzzles" and that Jigsaw's intellectual games make "Hannibal Lecter look like the compiler of The Sun's quick crossword". He ended his reviews saying, "Morally dubious it may be, but this gory melange of torture, terror and darkly humorous depravity appeals to the sick puppy within us all".
In distributed computing, a shared snapshot object is a type of data structure, which is shared between several threads or processes. For many tasks, it is important to have a data structure, that can provide a consistent view of the state of the memory. In practice, it turns out that it is not possible to get such a consistent state of the memory by just accessing one shared register after another, since the values stored in individual registers can be changed at any time during this process. To solve this problem, snapshot objects store a vector of n components and provide the following two atomic operations: update(i,v) changes the value in the ith component to v, and scan() returns the values stored in all n components._NEWLINE_Snapshot objects can be constructed using atomic single-writer multi-reader shared registers._NEWLINE_In general, one distinguishes between single-writer multi-reader (swmr) snapshot objects  and multi-writer multi-reader (mwmr) snapshot objects. In a swmr snapshot object, the number of components matches the number of processes and only one process Pᵢ is allowed to write to the memory position i and all the other processes are allowed to read the memory. In contrast, in a mwmr snapshot object all processes are allowed to write to all positions of the memory and are allowed to read the memory as well.
A shared memory is partitioned into multiple parts. Each of these parts holds a single data value. In the single-writer multi-reader case each process Pᵢ has a memory position i assigned and only this process is allowed to write to the memory position. However, every process is allowed to read any position in the memory. In the multi-writer multi-reader case, the restriction changes and any process is allowed to change any position of the memory. Any process Pᵢ  {1,...,n} in an n-process system is able to perform two operations on the snapshot object: scan() and update(i,v). The scan operation has no arguments and returns a consistent view of the memory. The update(i,v) operation updates the memory at the position i with the value v._NEWLINE_Both types of operations are considered to occur atomically between the call by the process and the return by the memory. More generally speaking, in the data vector  each entry dₖ corresponds to the argument of the last linearized update operation, which updates part k of the memory._NEWLINE_In order to get the full benefit of shared snapshot objects, in terms of simplifications for validations and constructions, there are two other restrictions added to the construction of snapshot objects. The first restriction is an architectural one, meaning that any snapshot object is constructed only with single-writer multi-reader registers as the basic element. This is possible for single-writer multi-reader snapshots. For multi-writer multi-reader snapshot objects it is possible to use multi-reader multi-writer registers, which can in turn be constructed from single-writer multi-reader registers._NEWLINE_In distributed computing the construction of a system is driven by the goal, that the whole system is making progress during the execution. Thus, the behaviour of a process should not bring the whole system to a halt (Lock-freedom). The stronger version of this is the property of wait-freedom, meaning that no process can prevent another process from terminating its operation. More generally, this means that every operation has to terminate after a finite number of steps regardless of the behaviour of other processes. A very basic snapshot algorithm guarantees system-wide progress, but is only lock-free. It is easy to extend this algorithm, so that it is wait-free. The algorithm by Afek et al., which is presented in the section Implementation has this property.
Several methods exists to implement shared snapshot objects. The first presented algorithm provides a principal implementation of a snapshot objects. However, this implementation only provides the property of lock-freedom. The second presented implementation proposed by Afek et al. has a stronger property called wait-freedom. An overview of other implementations is given by Fich.
The basic idea of this algorithm is that every process executing the scan() operations, reads all the memory values twice. If the algorithm reads exactly the same memory content twice, no other process changed a value in between and it can return the result. A process, which executes a update(i,v) operation, just update its value in the memory._NEWLINE_function scan()_NEWLINE_   while true_NEWLINE_      a[1..n] := collect;_NEWLINE_      b[1..n] := collect;_NEWLINE_      if (∀i∈{1,..,n} location i was not changed between the reads of it during the two collects)) then_NEWLINE_         return b; // double collect successful_NEWLINE_   loopendfunction update(i,v)_NEWLINE_   M[i] := v;_NEWLINE_end_NEWLINE_This algorithm provides a very basic implementation of snapshot objects. It guarantees that the system proceeds, while individual threads can starve due to the behaviour of individual processes. A process Pᵢ can prevent another process Pⱼ from terminating a scan() operation by always changing its value, in between the two memory collects. Thus, the algorithm is lock-free, but not wait-free. To hold this stronger the property, no process is allowed to starve due to the behavior of other processes. Figure 1 illustrates the problem. While P₁ tries to execute the scan() operation, a second process P₂ always disturbs the "double-collect". Thus, the scanning process always has to restart the operation and can never terminates and starves.
The basic idea of the swmr snapshot algorithm by Afek et al. is that a process can detect whether another process changed its memory location and that processes help each other. In order to detect if another process changed its value, a counter is attached to each register and a process increases the counter on every update. The second idea is that, every process who updates its memory position also performs a scan() operation and provides its "view of the memory" in its register to other processes. A scanning process can borrow this scan result and return it.
Using this idea one can construct a wait-free algorithm that uses registers of unbounded size. A process performing an update operation can help a process to complete the scan. The basic idea is that if a process sees another process updating a memory location twice, that process must have executed a complete, linearized, update operation in between. To implement this, every update operation first performs a scan of the memory and then writes the snapshot value atomically together with the new value v and a sequence number. If a process is performing a scan of the memory and detects that a process updated the memory part twice, it can "borrow" the "embedded" scan of the update to complete the scan operation._NEWLINE_ function scan()                                      // returns a consistent view of the memory_NEWLINE_  for j = 1 to n do moved[j] := 0 end_NEWLINE_  while true do_NEWLINE_    a[1..n] := collect;                              // collects (data, sequence, view) triples_NEWLINE_    b[1..n] := collect;                              // collects (data, sequence, view) triples_NEWLINE_    if (∀j∈{1, ..., n}) (a[j].seq = b[j].seq) then_NEWLINE_      return (b[1].data, ..., b[n].data)             // no process changed memory_NEWLINE_    else for  j = 1 to n do_NEWLINE_      if a[j].seq ≠ b[j].seq then                    // process moved_NEWLINE_        if moved[j] = 1 then                         // process already moved before_NEWLINE_          return b[j].view;_NEWLINE_      else moved[j] := moved[j] + 1;_NEWLINE_    end_NEWLINE_  endend functionprocedure update(i,v)                       // updates the registers with the data-values, updates the sequence number, embedded scan_NEWLINE_  s[1..n] := scan;                          // embedded scan_NEWLINE_  rᵢ := (v, rᵢ.seq = rᵢ.seq + 1, s[1..n]);_NEWLINE_end procedure_NEWLINE_Every register consists of a field for the data-value, the sequence number and a field for the result of the last embedded scan, collected before the last update. In each scan operation the process Pᵢ can decide whether a process changed its memory using the sequence number. If there is no change to the memory during the double collect, Pᵢ can return the result of the second scan. Once the process observes that another process updated the memory in between, it saves this information in the moved field. If a process Pⱼ changed its memory twice during the execution of the scan(), the scanning process Pᵢ can return the embedded scan of the updating process, which it saved in its own register during its update operation._NEWLINE_These operations can be linearized by linearizing each update() operation at its write to the register. The scan operation is more complicated to linearize. If the double collect of the scan operation is successful the scan operation can be linearized at the end of the second scan. In the other case - one process updated its register two times - the operation can be linearized at the time the updating process collected its embedded scan before writing its value to the register.
One of the limitations of the presented algorithm is that it is based on an unbounded memory since the sequence number will increase constantly. To overcome this limitation, it is necessary to introduce a different way to detect whether a process has changed its memory position twice in between. Every pair of processes  communicates using two single-writer single-reader (swsr) registers, which contains two atomic bits. Before a process starts to perform a "double collect", it copies the value of its partner process to its own register. If the scanner-process Pᵢ observes after executing the "double-collect" that the value of the partner process Pⱼ has changed in between it indicates that the process has performed an update operation on the memory._NEWLINE_ function scan()                                                                    // returns a consistent view of the memory_NEWLINE_  for j=1 to n do moved[j] := 0 end_NEWLINE_  while true do_NEWLINE_    for j=1 to n do qi,j := rⱼ.pj,i end_NEWLINE_    a[1..n] := collect;                                                             // collects (data, bit-vector, toggle, view) triples_NEWLINE_    b[1..n] := collect;                                                             // collects (data, bit-vector, toggle, view) triples_NEWLINE_    if (∀j∈{1, ...,n}) (a[j].pj,i = b[j].pj,i = qi,j) and a[j].toggle = b[j].toggle then_NEWLINE_      return (b[1].data, ..., b[n].data)                                            // no process changed memory_NEWLINE_    else for  j=1 to n do_NEWLINE_      if (a[j].pj,i ≠ qi,j) or (b[j].pj,i ≠ qi,j) or (a[j].toggle ≠ b[j].toggle) then // process j performed an update_NEWLINE_        if moved[j] = 2 then                                                       // process already moved before_NEWLINE_          return b[j].view;_NEWLINE_      else moved[j] := moved[j] + 1;_NEWLINE_    end_NEWLINE_  endend functionprocedure update(i,v)                      // updates the registers with the data-value, "write-state" of all registers, invert the toggle bit and the embedded scan_NEWLINE_  for j = 1 to n do f[j] := ¬qj,i end_NEWLINE_  s[1..n] := scan;                         // embedded scan_NEWLINE_  rᵢ := (v, f[1..n], ¬rᵢ.toggle, s[1..n]);_NEWLINE_end procedure_NEWLINE_The unbounded sequence number is replaced by two handshake bits for every pair of processes. These handshake bits are based on swsr registers and can be expressed by an matrix M, where process Pᵢ is allowed to write to row i and is allowed to read the handshake bits in a column i.  Before the scanning-process performs the double-collect it collects all the handshake bits from all registers, by reading its column. Afterwards, it can decide whether a process changed its value during the double value or not. Therefore the process just has to compare the column again with the initially read handshake bits. If only one process Pⱼ has written twice, during the collection of Pᵢ it is possible that the handshake bits do not change during the scan. Thus, it is necessary to introduce another bit called "toggle bit", this bit is changed in every write. This makes it possible to distinguish two consecutive writes, even though no other process updated its register. This approach allows to substitute the unbounded sequence numbers with the handshake bits, without changing anything else in the scan procedure._NEWLINE_While the scanning process Pᵢ uses a handshake bit to detect whether it can use its double collect or not, other processes may also perform update operations. As a first step, they read again the handshake bits provided by the other processes, and generate the complement of them. Afterwards these processes again generate the embedded scan and save the updated data-value, the collected - complemented - handshake bits, the complemented toggle bit and the embedded scan to the register._NEWLINE_Since the handshake bits equivalently replace the sequence numbers, the linearization is the same as in the unbounded memory case.
The basic presented implementation of shared snapshot objects by Afek et al. needs  memory operations. Another implementation by Anderson, which was developed independently, needs an exponential number of operations . There are also randomized implementations of snapshot objects based on swmr registers using  operations. Another implementation by Israeli and Shirazi, using unbounded memory, requires  operations on the memory. Israeli et al. show in a different work the lower bound of low-level operations for any update operation. The lower bound is , where w is the number of updaters and r is the number of scanners. Attiya and Rachman present a deterministic snapshot algorithm based on swmr registers, which uses  operations per update and scan. Applying a general method by Israeli, Shaham, and Shirazi  this can be improved to an unbounded snapshot algorithm, which only needs  operations per scan and  operations per update. There are further improvements introduced by Inoue et al., using only a linear number of read and write operations. In contrast to the other presented methods, this approach uses mwmr registers and not swmr registers.
There are several algorithms in distributed computing which can be simplified in design and/or verification using shared snapshot objects. Examples of this are exclusion problems, concurrent time-stamp systems, approximate agreement, randomized consensus and  wait-free implementations of other data structures. With mwmr snapshot objects it is also possible to create atomic multi-writer multi-reader registers.
After all patients have been evaluated, responders use the START classifications to determine priorities for treatment or evacuation to a hospital.  The most basic way to use the START classifications is to transport victims in a fixed priority manner: immediate victims, followed by delayed victims, followed by the walking wounded.  More detailed secondary triage systems such as SAVE may also be used: in this case, the START classifications are used to determine the order in which victims should undergo secondary triage._NEWLINE_START is not a system for determining resource allocation. The classification algorithm used in START does not depend on the number of victims or on the number of resources available to treat them, nor does using START alone provide any prioritization of patients within any of the four triage classes. Therefore, significant differences in implementation of treatment and evacuation may exist across different agencies using START.
Students of the Science stream take compulsory courses in the following subjects: English, Physics, Chemistry, Environmental Science, Physical Education. They can opt for 2 or 3 of the following subjects: Mathematics, Biology, Marathi, German, Hindi, Geography, Computer Science and Application, Scooter and Motorcycle Servicing, Electronics, Electrical Maintenance, Mechanical Maintenance. Students of the Arts stream take compulsory courses in the following subjects: English, Marathi or Hindi or German or Sanskrit, Environmental Science, Health and Physical Education. They can opt for 4 of the following subjects: Economics, Mathematics, History, Psychology, Logic, Geography, Political Science, German, Sanskrit, Hindi, Marathi. (Students can select a maximum of 3 languages) Students of the Commerce (Business) stream take compulsory courses in the following subjects: English, Marathi or Hindi or Sanskrit or German, Environmental Science, Physical Education. They can opt for 4 of the following subjects: Economics, Mathematics, Secretarial Practice, Organization of Commerce, Book-keeping and Accountancy. College is for 6.5 hours a day with 9 classes of 40–45 minutes each. Promotion to the next grade is based on a minimum of 35% marks in each subject throughout the academic year. Science students have first-hand laboratory experience once a week in each of their chosen subjects among the following: Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Computer_NEWLINE_Science, Electronics, Electrical Maintenance, Mechanical Maintenance, Scooter and Motorcycle Servicing.
Solihull has no university, but there are seven universities within 16 mi (26 km) of the town; five in Birmingham and two in Coventry. However, Solihull College, formerly known as the Solihull College of Technology, incorporates a University Centre which offers several foundation degree and full degree courses, particularly in technical subject areas such as computer sciences and engineering. As yet it has not applied to attain university college status._NEWLINE_There is also a sixth form college located on the outskirts of the town centre. This is known as the Sixth Form College, Solihull._NEWLINE_Solihull School is an independent school and is located on Warwick Road near the centre of the town. It was founded in 1560 and celebrated its 450th anniversary in 2010._NEWLINE_Solihull had a 'Wave 1' proposal of the Building Schools for the Future investment programme approved. They were awarded over £80 million to transform six schools in the north of the borough in December 2004. As a result of the funding, there will be six new schools constructed within seven years. The school curriculum will be redesigned as well as a further £6 million investment in managed ICT services. The six schools to be rebuilt are Park Hall, Smith's Wood, Archbishop Grimshaw, Lanchester Special School and Forest Oak and Merstone special schools. Forest Oak and Merstone have been already rebuilt on one site. Lanchester, Park Hall and Smith's Wood have been built by BAM PPP, under 'Private Finance Initiative'. Archbishop Grimshaw has been built by BAM PPP under a traditional contract.
SourceForge is a web-based source code repository. It acts as a centralized location for free and open-source software projects. It was the first to offer this service for free to open-source projects. Project developers have access to centralized storage and tools for managing projects, though it is best known for providing revision control systems such as CVS, SVN, Bazaar, Git and Mercurial.  Major features (amongst others) include project wikis, metrics and analysis, access to a MySQL database, and unique sub-domain URLs (in the form http://project-name.sourceforge.net)._NEWLINE_The vast number of users at SourceForge.net (over 3 million as of 2013) exposes prominent projects to a variety of developers and can create a positive feedback loop. As a project's activity rises, SourceForge.net's internal ranking system makes it more visible to other developers through SourceForge directory and Enterprise Directory. Given that many open-source projects fail due to lack of developer support, exposure to such a large community of developers can continually breathe new life into a project.
SourceForge, founded in 1999 by VA Software, was the first provider of a centralized location for free and open-source software developers to control and manage software development and offering this service without charge. The software running the SourceForge site was released as free software in January 2000 and was later named SourceForge Alexandria.  The last release under a free license was made in November 2001; after the dot-com bubble, SourceForge was later powered by the proprietary SourceForge Enterprise Edition, a separate product re-written in Java which was marketed for offshore outsourcing._NEWLINE_SourceForge has been temporarily banned in China three times: in September 2002, in July 2008 (for about a month) and on August 6, 2012 (for several days)._NEWLINE_In November 2008, SourceForge was sued by the French collection society Société civile des Producteurs de Phonogrammes en France (SPPF) for hosting downloads of the file sharing application Shareaza._NEWLINE_In 2009 SourceForge announced a new site platform known as Allura, which would be an extensible, open source platform licensed under the Apache License, utilizing components such as Python and MongoDB, and offering REST APIs. In June 2012 the Allura project was donated to the Apache Software Foundation as Apache Allura._NEWLINE_In September 2012 SourceForge, Slashdot, and Freecode were acquired from Geeknet by the online job site Dice.com for $20 million, and incorporated into a subsidiary known as Slashdot Media. In July 2015 Dice announced that it planned to sell SourceForge and Slashdot, and in January 2016 the two sites were sold to the San Diego-based BIZX, LLC for an undisclosed amount._NEWLINE_On September 26, 2012, it was reported that attackers had compromised a SourceForge mirror, and modified a download of phpMyAdmin to add security exploits.
Susno Duadji (born 1 July 1954 in Pagar Alam, South Sumatera) was the head of Indonesian National Police's Criminal Investigation Agency (Bareskrim) until his resignation on 5 November 2009. He was promoted to his last position on October 2008 after serving as Chief of Police in West Java Province for less than a year. He has a rank of Police Commissioner General (Komjen Pol.) - equivalent Lieutenant General in the military. His experiences include Chief of Police in Malang, in Madiun, both are in East Java Province, as well as Chief of Police in North Maluku.
Towards the end of his career in 2009, Mr. Duadji attracted headlines in the Indonesian National media as a result of his alleged involvement in several high-profile corruption cases investigated by the Indonesian Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK). Once applauded for his anti corruption stance during his tenure as West Java Police Chief, over time he became increasingly hostile to the activities of the KPK. According to his critics, he allegedly undermined anti corruption efforts in Indonesia._NEWLINE_On one occasion Duadji met with one Anggoro Widjojo in Singapore at a time that Anggora Widjojo was wanted by KPK for his involvement in a corruption case. This accusation sparked rivalry between Indonesian National Police and the KPK leading to the arrest of two KPK leaders. This arrest in turn touched off a reaction among Indonesian activists due to their concern about moves to weaken the fight against corruption in Indonesia. Most Indonesians view the KPK as more credible than the Indonesian National Police or the Indonesian Attorney General Office in fighting corruption.  Various high caliber cases, including the sentencing of Aulia Pohan, in-law of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, have enhanced the reputation of the KPK.
Merlin began production in March 2008; as many as three episodes were filmed at a time, and not necessarily in the correct order. Many scenes in Camelot were filmed in France at the Château de Pierrefonds, which was hand-picked by the production team. Castles in England had been looked at, but they were often in ruins and would require more computer-generated imagery (CGI) effects in post-production. A medieval-era road was built around Pierrefonds for some scenes to give the sense of a town, as the castle was in isolation. The execution scene was one of the first major scenes shot. As the production team had to be able to work with French extras, a bilingual crew was required. The cell Merlin is imprisoned in and the banquet hall at the end were both filmed in English stately homes, with real medieval architecture. Other studio filming took place in Wales. The scene at the camp where Lady Helen stays had to be reshot because the tent was seen as "too Monty Python" and distracting._NEWLINE_Myles' Mary Collins prosthetic took six hours to accomplish, and the shot where she morphs into the younger Lady Helen took seven hours to complete because it required three stages of make-up. Her first performance at the beheading scene was met with applause by the extras; Head requested that he redo his part of the scene because he felt that it was not good enough. Gaius' fall from the balcony was done by a stuntman and filmed with a high-speed camera. The mattress that Merlin magically moves across the floor was achieved with rigging it up to hidden wires and pulleys under the set. The knives Arthur throws were actually shot out of a nitrogen gun; James did throw them in a separate shot, but against a cloth that he still missed. Fake fruit was made for the stocks scene, but it was deemed too fake-looking and was replaced with real tomatoes. The mace fight was originally filmed with plastic maces, but they were not believable as they did not have enough weight. The scene was then shot with real steel maces; it was one of the most complex and hardest scenes to execute. The climax, where the guests all fall asleep and are covered by cobwebs, took many days to complete. The chandelier falling was also considered difficult._NEWLINE_CGI special effects for the series were provided by The Mill. The production team wanted a talking dragon, but they were worried about the lip sync and did not think it would be believable until they saw the first test. The Mill created a software that would read Hurt's facial muscles and incorporated it into the animation. Another concern was that the eyes would not convey the character, but this was corrected by the final version. Additional sound effects, such as the clanging chain, were added to give the creature weight. The knife Mary throws at Arthur was also completely CGI, though the shot of it hitting the chair was real.
The story continued from the happiness of Cantra's family which turned to sadness and terror because of black magic. This was caused by revenge, love and vegency of a young pretty woman who wanted to put a spell to her father and turned her mother into a half wood-Human woman and Cantra's hair became the little snake again. However, the revenge of Cantra began. Then poisonous snakes including cobra and python started hurting everyone who stayed at the cruel plan, into the terrible death and a horror legend started told about the revenge between the ghost spirit and the snake girl.
In computer science, Ukkonen's algorithm is a linear-time, online algorithm for constructing suffix trees, proposed by Esko Ukkonen in 1995._NEWLINE_The algorithm begins with an implicit suffix tree containing the first character of the string. Then it steps through the string adding successive characters until the tree is complete. This order addition of characters gives Ukkonen's algorithm its "on-line" property. The original algorithm presented by Peter Weiner proceeded backward from the last character to the first one from the shortest to the longest suffix. A simpler algorithm was found by Edward M. McCreight, going from the longest to the shortest suffix._NEWLINE_The naive implementation for generating a suffix tree going forward requires O(n²) or even O(n³) time complexity in big O notation, where n is the length of the string.  By exploiting a number of algorithmic techniques, Ukkonen reduced this to O(n) (linear) time, for constant-size alphabets, and O(n log n) in general, matching the runtime performance of the earlier two algorithms.
Ukulhas was firstly electrified on 16 December 1982 by the initiation of Abdulla Ali, Green Villa in association with owners of fishing vessels and Ukulhas community. Firstly electricity was transferred by only a 10 KW generator to residences, four mosques Island office. Generator cost was MVR 26000, wiring MVR 1800 and the construction of power house was MVR 2500. Hence the total installation cost of electricity was MVR 46500. The highest contributors of the program were;_NEWLINE_1.Mr. Ibrahim Ali (Irumatheege, Aa.Ukulhas)_NEWLINE_2.Mr. Mohamed Khalid (Daisy Maage’, Aa. Ukulhas)_NEWLINE_3.Late. Hassan Ahmed Fulhu (Javaahirumaage’, Aa.Ukulhas)_NEWLINE_4.Mr. Ibrahim Ali (Green Villa, Aa.Ukulhas)_NEWLINE_5.Late. Imad Khalid (Sharmeela Manzil, Aa.Ukulhas)_NEWLINE_6.Mr. Ali Adam (Guleynooranmaage, Aa.Ukulhas)_NEWLINE_7.Late. Waleed Khalid (Noovilaage’, Aa.Ukulhas)_NEWLINE_Wiring and generator installation was done by Island Chief of K.Hura Mr. Rasheed and the generator was imported from Singapore by Mr. Velanbuli Alifulhu, Ma.Velanbulige, Male’. The whole task was completed successfully at the time of the Island chief Late Waleed Khalid. (Ref; Report Book dated on 3 Feb 1983.)_NEWLINE_Ukulhas is known to be the 1st electrified Island among all other inhabited islands (except Male’) in Maldives in the year 1982. The first time electricity was provided for only four hours, from 6 to 10 pm. Later on it was transformed and made for six hours. Likewise it was extended gradually up to 24 hours a day. _NEWLINE_Ukulhas also known to be the 1st electrified island for 24 hrs a day (Except Male’) by the immense effort led by the Ukulhas people.
1. Kathe Kaleyfaanu (javaahirumaage’) (at the time of Shamsudhin) (Grand Father of Ibrahim Ali, (Dhon Ibrahim), Reynige’_NEWLINE_Dhonfuthu Kuda Katheebu (Brother of Maakudey)_NEWLINE_2. Ibrahim Katheeb (Irumatheege’, Father of Kalhuthube’ and a grand father of Dhon Hassan) (At the time of Shamsuddin)_NEWLINE_3. Katheebu Kujjage Bappa, Abdulla Katheeb (Grand Father of Hassan fulhu and Alifulhu)_NEWLINE_4. Maakudey (Father of Hakeem) (At the time of Shamsudhin)_NEWLINE_5. Katheeb Dhonbe’ or Bodu Katheeb (Father of Rashad) at the time of President Mohamed Ameen._NEWLINE_6. Khalid Katheeb, Reynige’ (Later he was an Imam) at the time of Mohamed Ameen and Mohamed Fareed)_NEWLINE_Naibs was Dhon Alifulhu._NEWLINE_7. Alifulhu Kuda Katheeb (Brother of Dhonfathima of Dhonthuthube’)_NEWLINE_8. Mohamed Fauzee or Kuda Katheeb (Father of Hussain Fiyaz) at the time of president Ibrahim _NEWLINE_Nasir._NEWLINE_9. Waleed Khalid, Noovilaage’ (at the time of president Ibrahim Nasir)Khalid was an Imam, Naibs were Bodufolhudhoo Abdul Raheem and Kuramathi Raazee_NEWLINE_10. Dhonthuthu or Ibrahim Adam, Kuda Katheeb, (when Mohamed Fauzee died) at the time of President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom._NEWLINE_Waleed Khalid, Reynige was promoted to an Assistant Atoll Chief at the time of President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom._NEWLINE_11. Imad Khalid, Reynige’, Kuda Katheeb (was a former Family Health Worker, when Waleed promoted to Atoll Office), Dhonthuthu held the post of support staff._NEWLINE_12. Mohamed Khalid, Muringu, Kuda katheb (at the time of President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom)_NEWLINE_13. Imad Khalid, Asseyri, Katheeb, (at the time of President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom)_NEWLINE_14. Mohamed Khalid, Muringu, Katheeb, (at the time of President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom)_NEWLINE_15. Abdul Latheef Imad, Kuda Katheeb (at the time of President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom)_NEWLINE_16. Mohamed Khalid, Bodu Katheeb (at the time of President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom)_NEWLINE_17. Imad Khalid, Kuda Katheeb, (at the time of President Maumoon Abdul Gayyoom)_NEWLINE_18. Shaukath Ibrahim, Udhares, (at the time of President Mohamed Nasheed)_NEWLINE_19. 1st Ukulhas Council (Shaukath Ibrahim, Abdulla Firaq, Hussain Fiyaz, Ahmed Shahid Hassan and Ali Waheed at the time of President Mohamed Nasheed)_NEWLINE_20. 2nd Ukulhas Council (Shaukath Ibrahim, Abdulla Firag, Ali Waheed, Mohamed Husnee and Ali Zameer_NEWLINE_Note: Till Khalid Kuda Katheeb, salaries were not paid officially by the government, instead of salaries; small portions were given from catches by fishing vessels, fruits and vegetables by trees etc. on a monthly basis.
The Sangu (Conch shell), kept in the Ukulhas council is said to be one of the oldest heritages found in the Ukulhas throughout the recent couple of decades. The conch shell is believed to have existed since the time of first historically known head of Island administration, Mr. Katheeb Kaleyfaanu (Javaahirumaage’, Aa.Ukulhas) who became the head of Ukulhas administration during the reign of Mohammed Shamsuddin III._NEWLINE_For generations, in Ukulhas, the Katheeb (Head of Island Administration) would call the islanders to gather by blowing the Conch Shell for several occasions such as pulling fishing vessel ashore and pushing fishing vessel offshore, collecting logs from forest for firewood, before Friday prayer for bringing public attention, calling for the meal before the down prayer during the month of Ramadan and during the emergency situation. Conch shell blowing intervals were varied accordance with the males and females. _NEWLINE_The sound of conch shell would resonate throughout the Island by alerting the people. It used to be blown two times in three consecutive period by providing a short pause between each blown period for gathering of females, three times of blown periods were provided consecutively by providing short pause between each blown period for gathering of males and four times in three consecutive times of blown periods were provided for gathering of males and females together. In order to gather males and females in the emergency situation, short intervals of blowing were made consecutively without the pause.
Grief over the loss of the twins, however, drives Wanda insane again, and she attempts to alter reality to recreate them. This causes a series of catastrophic events that includes the Vision crashing an Avengers Quinjet into Avengers Mansion. The Vision advises his teammates that he is no longer in control of his body, and then expels several spheres that form into five Ultrons. The Avengers destroy them, and an enraged She-Hulk tears apart the remains of the Vision, having been driven to a breaking point by the rapid slew of attacks against the Avengers. The Avengers later believed that Ultron may have put a command in the Vision that would have been activated by the Avengers' Code White alert during one of the many periods in which Vision was held prisoner by Ultron, though it was later revealed that Dr. Doom forced Scarlet Witch to send Vision against her teammates._NEWLINE_The Vision's operating system and program files are later used in the creation of Iron Lad's armor, which becomes a sentient being of its own. In Mighty Avengers the original Vision and Iron Lad are briefly separated from this being by the power of the Cosmic Cube._NEWLINE_During the "Chaos War" storyline, the Vision is one of many deceased heroes restored to life after the events in the death realms. Vision joins with the other resurrected Avengers in their fight against Grim Reaper and Nekra. During the fight, Vision blows himself up while in battle with Grim Reaper, killing them both._NEWLINE_Following the "Fear Itself" storyline, Tony Stark is able to rebuild Vision, who once again joins the Avengers. After being informed about what happened after his destruction, the Vision sees She-Hulk, telling her he does not blame her for what happened. He then goes to Utopia to confront Magneto, threatening Magneto to tell him where Wanda is. Magneto uses his powers to subdue the Vision but spares him, saying he believes Wanda still cares for the Vision and that Magneto does not want to hurt her more. Captain America talks to the Vision afterward, telling him he needs to move forward._NEWLINE_During a subsequent confrontation with the returned Wanda at the start of the "Avengers vs. X-Men" storyline, Vision claims that her use of his body to attack his friends is something that he cannot forgive and, while he banishes her from the mansion, he also sheds tears after her departure._NEWLINE_During the Marvel NOW! relaunch, Vision leaves the Avengers in order to find himself following a battle with Sunturion. After departing the team, he is shown visiting Billy Kaplan, the teenage reincarnation of one of his sons._NEWLINE_Following the "Age of Ultron" storyline, Vision joins Hank Pym's Avengers A.I. alongside Monica Chang, Victor Mancha, and a reprogrammed Doombot. He also upgraded himself and is now actually composed of millions of microrobotic automatons or nanobots._NEWLINE_In the miniseries Ultron Forever, the Vision and Black Widow of the present are drawn into the future by what appears to be Doctor Doom to join a team of Avengers from various points in the team's history, including an early Hulk, James Rhodes as Iron Man, Thor when he was afflicted by the curse of Hela, the female Thor of the present, and Danielle Cage from a future where she wields Captain America's shield. 'Doom' claims that he brought this team together to assist him in defeating Ultron's conquest of the world. Although Doom's true plan is revealed at the story's conclusion to be a desire to take Ultron's place, Vision eventually reveals that this Doom is actually the Doombot who worked with him in the Avengers A.I., convincing the Doombot to abandon his plan by noting that simply following Doom's example ignores the more positive aspects of Doom's history as the man who refused to let anyone else dictate his terms._NEWLINE_As part of the All-New, All-Different Marvel, the Vision is a member of a new team of Avengers, although his emotional data has been lost once again after a series of hallucinations forced him to delete the emotional data to restore himself to a functional state, having been overwhelmed with guilt when he was unable to save the sole survivor of a crashed bus. However, after he provides fake evidence to force new heroes Nova and Ms. Marvel to leave the team, it is revealed that he is working for Kang the Conqueror as Kang mounts his latest assault on the team, having been contaminated when Kang interfered with his recent reprogramming. However, the Vision is released from Kang's control when Iron Man manages to purge his software, allowing him to turn on Kang and help the Avengers defeat him, although in the aftermath he departs to consider how easily he fell under Kang's control._NEWLINE_In 2016 Vision was given a solo series. In the series, he lives in Fairfax, Virginia with a newly-created synthezoid family: his wife Virginia, son Vin, and daughter Viv Vision. They attempt to live a normal suburban life with Vision working as a consultant to the president, but they find socializing with neighbors difficult. The Grim Reaper attacks their house and nearly kills Viv. Virginia claims that the Reaper escaped, but Vision eventually finds his remains buried in the backyard. He lies to the police and covers for Virginia when asked about her whereabouts during the murder of one of Viv's classmates, whose father tried to blackmail Virginia for the murder. Instead of confronting her, he creates a synthezoid dog for the family in an attempt to return to normalcy. Unbeknownst to him, Agatha Harkness has a vision of the future and warns the Avengers that Vision and his family will cause a genocide. The Avengers sent Victor Mancha, Vision's "brother", to secretly investigate the family. When Vin discovers Victor reporting back to the Avengers, the latter attempts to use his electro-magnetic powers to contain Vin and prevent him from outing his operations, but a miscalculation caused him to damage Vin's nerve systems beyond repair._NEWLINE_Vision sets out to Arlington Courthouse Jail to exact revenge on Victor. Virginia reveals to Viv that she had murdered her classmate. Viv's resulting emotional outburst prompts Virginia to let out her anger on Sparky, killing it. Among the dog's remains, Virginia notices a petal of the Wundagore Everbloom that it had consumed, a plant capable of giving a person a vision of the future under certain parameters. With Sparky's death having fulfilled the conditions for the Everbloom to work, Virginia eats the petal. Seeing that Vision would go down a dark path if he killed Victor Mancha, she flies to the jail and murders Victor herself. Fearing the fate of Viv if both of her parents were to be prosecuted for their actions, Virginia calls the detective investigating their neighbours' disappearance and claims full responsibility for both her and her husband's crimes, stating she had tampered with Vision's operative system. Virginia proceeds to drink water with corrosive properties from a Zenn-Lavian water vase they have in their home, and asks Vision to sit with her until the water kills her._NEWLINE_During the Secret Empire storyline, Vision appears as a member of Hydra's Avengers at the time Hydra took over the United States and when Captain America believed himself to be a Hydra sleeper agent. Ultron/Hank Pym reveals during his "dinner" with members of the Underground, Captain America, and Hydra's Avengers that Vision has been affected by an A.I. virus. While briefing Captain America about the status of Hydra's Avengers, Madame Hydra mentions the virus was created by Arnim Zola, as well as stating that Vision is trying to fight its control. During the battle in Washington DC, Vision sees his freed daughter Viv. Seeing her enables him to free himself of the virus, which spreads to the Hydra Dreadnoughts and shuts them down.
WCGC was started by Mr. Robert Richard Hilker. The 5000 watt radio station was put on the air with a transmitter he built from a Heathkit model. He started and applied to the FCC for licensing of the radio station. Mr Hilker owned WCGC and with that built Suburban Radio Group which owned and operated 11 AM and FM radio stations and also put on two television stations; WJZY in Charlotte and another in Morehead City. At the time of Mr. Hilker's death the radio station was still using the transmitter he built as a backup for the now computerized WCGC. Born in Winston-Salem, he served in the U.S. Navy and established Cablevision Companies in Gaston County and the Lake Norman area as well at Charlotte television station WJZY-TV. He was past Chairman of the National Association of Broadcasters Radio Board, served on the boards of numerous national broadcasting associations and civic organizations and was inducted into the N.C. Broadcasters Hall of Fame_NEWLINE_Ebb Gantt, who played football for Belmont High School and Belmont Abbey College, later became the radio voice for both teams (the high school later consolidated with Cramerton High to form South Point High School, whose games Gantt and WCGC carried) as well as Davidson College, during his years as  a WCGC sportscaster, beginning in the late 1950s. Gantt became the station's general manager and retired in 1980._NEWLINE_Screenwriter and filmmaker Richard O'Sullivan worked as an on-air personality at WCGC in the late eighties._NEWLINE_Jack LaFaivre, who went on to jobs at WXII and WSJS in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, worked at WCGC after graduating from Belmont Abbey._NEWLINE_Many other local broadcasters spent time at WCGC including Joe McLaney, who went on to WBT as Production Director, and Bob Brandon, formerly of WSOC-FM and Clear Channel Charlotte._NEWLINE_In 1986, with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball having been dropped by WSOC-AM, WCGC picked up the Baltimore Orioles. WJZY, a TV station which shared a building with WCGC in its early days, also aired the Orioles._NEWLINE_Rev. Charles Beasley had a Sunday morning show on WCGC until general manager Jim Mintzer found out he was grand dragon of the Christian knights of the Ku Klux Klan. Protestors from four states showed up at city hall and the radio station, without incident, though law enforcement officers stood by just in case anything happened._NEWLINE_WCGC had been on the air 35 years in June 1989 when Suburban Radio Group, owner of 11 radio stations, sold its flagship station in Belmont to Mintzer. The radio group would remain in the building with WCGC, and no major format changes were planned. WCGC played country music except on Sundays, when the station aired religious programming. WCGC also broadcast all games of the minor league baseball Gastonia Rangers. Some of the games were to be tape-delayed if they conflicted with South Point High School football, but WCGC agreed to carry the baseball games live if the team made the playoffs. WGNC in Gastonia took over the broadcasts in 1990_NEWLINE_In 1993, WCGC carried Cleveland Indians games._NEWLINE_In January 1994, WCGC had already made the switch to talk radio, with shows such as G. Gordon Liddy, Larry King and Pat Buchanan, when Chris Vaughn began a 30-minute talk show with a conservative focus, which expanded to 90 minutes in June. Another local host was John Sullivan, who moved to WNMX-AM in 1996._NEWLINE_In August 1995, newspaper parenting columnist John Rosemond began a talk show on WSIC in Statesville, which WCGC also aired._NEWLINE_In 1996, WCGC carried West Mecklenburg High School Friday night football games on Saturday mornings._NEWLINE_In 1997, WCGC became the Charlotte-area affiliate for the National Hockey League Carolina Hurricanes in their first season playing in North Carolina._NEWLINE_In July 1998, Mintzer sold WCGC to the owners of WHVN. However, WCGC continued to make news for an incident on the "Wakin' Up with Java John" morning show. John Wall, a Gastonia city employee, sued talk show host John Hunsucker and Mintzer for derogatory comments made by an anonymous caller known as "Slim Jim" during a five-month period while Mintzer owned the station. Mintzer said WCGC broadcast disclaimers telling listeners that callers' opinions were not those of the station. A jury awarded $10,500 to Wall, leading Penn State journalism professor Robert Richards, also director of the Pennsylvania Center for the First Amendment, to regard this case as yet another potential limit on freedom of speech._NEWLINE_WCGC began airing WHVN's programming most of the time but continued to carry separate sports programs, as well as Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts.
In this research, Haddad has brought a longstanding research theme to fruition by his work on vector dissipative systems approaches to large-scale nonlinear dynamical systems. This work has broad application to large-scale aerospace systems, air traffic control systems, power and energy grid systems, manufacturing and processing systems, transportation systems, communication and information networks, integrative biological systems, biological neural networks, biomolecular and biochemical systems, nervous systems, immune systems, environmental and ecological systems, molecular, quantum, and nanoscale systems, particulate and chemical reaction systems, and economic and financial systems, to name but a few examples. His most recent book in this area, Stability and Control of Large-Scale Dynamical Systems: A Vector Dissipative Systems Approach, Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2011, addresses highly interconnected and mutually interdependent complex aerospace dynamical systems.
In this work, Haddad has merged systems biology and system thermodynamics with network engineering systems to develop functional and robust algorithms for agent coordination and control of autonomous multiagent aerospace systems. In particular, looking to autonomous swarm systems appearing in nature for inspiration, he has developed control algorithms to address agent interactions, cooperative and non-cooperative control, task assignments, and resource allocations for multiagent network systems.  This work has had a major impact on cooperative control of unmanned air vehicles, autonomous underwater vehicles, distributed sensor networks, air and ground transportation systems, swarms of air and space vehicle formations, and congestion control in communication networks. His results exploit fundamental links between system thermodynamics and information theory in "ingenious ways" and have initiated major breakthroughs in control of networks and control over networks.
Haddad's work in this area has tackled one of the most challenging problems in clinical pharmacology. In particular, he has developed adaptive and neural network adaptive control algorithms for automated anesthesia and critical care unit medicine. His adaptive control algorithms adjust to interpatient and intrapatient pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic variability and have significantly improved the outcome for drug administration. This research in active control of clinical pharmacology has transitioned to clinical practice and is improving medical care, health care, and reliability of drug dosing equipment, and has a real potential of reducing health care costs. Haddad's achievements in this area have been very influential in the biomedical engineering field. His results in clinical pharmacology are documented in.
In the late 1960s, the series was spoofed by the British comedian Benny Hill who did a sketch on his show called "Knickers World". It was parodied again in 1972 by Monty Python's Flying Circus, who did a sketch set on a tropical island called "Whicker Island" where all of the inhabitants were Alan Whicker clones._NEWLINE_In the 1980s, Whicker appeared in several television commercials for Barclaycard that were based on Whicker's World and featured Whicker in various foreign locations._NEWLINE_In 1981, Whicker's World was spoofed by The Evasions, a British funk group whose novelty song "Wikka Wrap" featured songwriter Graham de Wilde impersonating Whicker.  The single reached the UK Top 20 in June 1981;; the song was later sampled in Coolio's 1995 song "1, 2, 3, 4 (Sumpin' New)".  Graham de Wilde also composed the theme tune for the 1980s BBC episodes of Whicker's World.
The University of Windsor is Canada's southernmost university. It is a research oriented, comprehensive university with a student population of 16,000 full-time graduate and undergraduate students. Now entering its most ambitious capital expansion since its founding in 1963, the University of Windsor recently opened the Anthony P. Toldo Health Education & Learning Centre, which houses the Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry. With the help of $40 million in Ontario government funding, the University also has recently finished construction of a 300,000-square-foot (28,000 m²), $112-million Centre for Engineering Innovation; a structure that establishes revolutionary design standards across Canada and beyond._NEWLINE_The university is just east of the Ambassador Bridge, south of the Detroit River. Windsor is also home to St. Clair College with a student population of 6500 full-time students. Its main campus is in Windsor, and it also has campuses in Chatham and Wallaceburg. In 2007, St. Clair College opened a satellite campus in downtown Windsor in the former Cleary International Centre. In April 2010, St. Clair College added to its downtown Windsor presence with the addition of its MediaPlex school. Together, they bring over one thousand students into the downtown core every day. The college also opened the TD Student Centre on the corner of Victoria Avenue and University Avenue in 2012. More recently Collège Boréal opened an access centre and small campus to their Ouellette avenue location. This small campus offers access to many Collège Boréal programmes as well as immigration and integration assistance for francophones in the area. Collège Boréal is Windsor's only francophone post-secondary institution, providing service for a small, but notable, population of Franco-Ontarians within the Windsor-Tecumseh-Belle River area._NEWLINE_In spring 2011, it was announced the University of Windsor would move its music and visual art programs downtown to be housed in the historic Armouries building and former Greyhound Bus Depot at Freedom Way and University Ave E. The move should bring an additional 500 students into the downtown core daily. The University is also bringing its School of Social Work to the old Windsor Star buildings on Ferry and Pitt Streets, bringing an additional 1000 students into the downtown._NEWLINE_From 1995 to 2001, the city was home to a satellite campus of the defunct francophone Collège des Grands-Lacs._NEWLINE_Windsor is home to two International Baccalaureate recognized schools: Assumption College School (a Catholic high school) and Académie Ste. Cécile International School (a private school). Kennedy Collegiate Institute and Vincent Massey Secondary School are renowned in Southern Ontario for their notable accomplishments nationally in mathematics and computer science. Kennedy was built in 1929 in the central part of the city next to Jackson park and is sometimes called the castle because of the unique architecture of the gymnasium at the rear of the school._NEWLINE_Windsor youth attend schools in the Greater Essex County District School Board (prior to 1998, the Windsor Board of Education), the Windsor-Essex Catholic District School Board, Conseil scolaire catholique Providence and Conseil scolaire Viamonde. Independent faith-based schools include Maranatha Christian Academy (JK-12), Académie Ste. Cécile International School (JK-12, including International Baccalaureate), First Lutheran Christian Academy (JK-8), and Windsor Adventist Elementary School. The non-denominational Lakeview Montessori School is a private school as well._NEWLINE_The Windsor Public Library offers education, entertainment and community history materials, programs and services. The main branch coordinates a literacy program for adults needing functional literacy upgrading. The local historical archives are here._NEWLINE_The Canada South Science City serves the Elementary School Curriculum's Science and Technology component.
The IBM System z Application Assist Processor (zAAP), previously known as the zSeries Application Assist Processor, is a mainframe processor introduced by IBM in 2004. zAAP engines are dedicated to running specific Java and XML workloads under z/OS, accelerating performance. zAAPs are available for zSeries 990 and 890 servers and later zSeries and zEnterprise models. Beginning with the IBM z13, the zAAP functionality is integrated with zIIP processors (zAAP on zIIP)._NEWLINE_Currently a zAAP engine contains the same underlying hardware as any other mainframe engine. However, IBM uses microcode to limit code execution to Java and XML workloads only. As with Integrated Facility for Linux (IFL)  and zIIP, zAAPs are not specifically optimized to run Java faster or better. IBM does not change the "software model" or MSU rating on its mainframes with the installation of zAAPs. Consequently, IBM's customers do not incur software license charges for their zAAPs, reducing their costs of running Java- and XML-oriented applications. The number of zAAPs cannot exceed the number of central processors (CPs, general purpose engines) within a zSeries/z9 machine._NEWLINE_IBM made the zAAP feature (i.e. the microcode) generally available on June 30, 2004, although the required z/OS release was not generally available until September 24, 2004. zAAPs work with z/OS V1R6 and higher, and Java 1.4.1 and higher. IBM modified the z/OS dispatcher and Workload Manager (WLM) to switch pure Java workload to the dedicated engines. These modifications are completely transparent to Java applications. However, because Java must at least occasionally call native system services (I/O services, for example), some conventional processor (CP) capacity must be available to initiate and sustain a zAAP engine. Major software subsystems that could benefit from zAAP (i.e. that rely on Java workloads) include WebSphere Application Server, WebSphere Business Integration Server Foundation, WebSphere Process Server, WebSphere Message Broker, DB2, CICS Transaction Server, CICS Transaction Gateway, IMS, and (JZOS and z/OS UNIX System Services) Batch, among others. In 2007, IBM added zAAP support to the XML System Services for z/OS, so now products such as DB2 9 for z/OS can also take advantage of zAAPs for XML-related processing._NEWLINE_The first commercial production workload for zAAP began on September 1, 2004, at an undisclosed Midwestern U.S. insurance company performing claims processing. The company used Java 1.4.2, WebSphere Application Server Version 5.1, and a near-final z/OS V1R6 build on a zSeries 990 (2084-304/A08 with two zAAPs). This deployment is probably a mainframe record for speed of both development and adoption, since IBM only began its zAAP design project in 2003.
Third-party independent software vendors (ISVs) have introduced support for execution of their products on zAAP Specialty Engines by using Java or XML Services toolkit from IBM._NEWLINE_For example, Ivory Server for z/OS and Ivory Server for CICS from GT Software, Inc. provide zAAP support for XML parsing using the optional IBM z/OS XML Services feature. The Ivory Server for Java will also take advantage of the zAAP in addition to supporting zIIP and the Integrated Facility for Linux (IFL).
Zev Hirsch Bernstein (1847 in Władysławów, Augustów Governorate, Congress Poland – 1907 in Tannersville, New York) was the author and compiler of the Hatsofe B'Erez Hachadosho, the first Hebrew periodical in the United States._NEWLINE_Bernstein emigrated to the United States in 1870. That summer he tried publishing two newspapers with no success. In 1871, he commenced the Hatsofe, which ran for five years. After the publication ceased he became a banker. Bernstein was also the organizer of the Hebrew Encyclopedia Co.
A very early predecessor of this compiler was used by Guy and Bourne to write the first Game of Life programs on the PDP-7 with a DEC 340 display (see Scientific American article) "For long-lived populations such as this one Conway sometimes uses a PDP-7 computer with a screen on which he can observe the changes; The program was written by M. J. T. Guy and S. R. Bourne. Without its help some discoveries about the game would have been difficult to make." Scientific American 223 (October 1970): 120-123._NEWLINE_Various Liverpool Software Gazette issues detail the Z80 implementation. The compiler required about 120Kb of memory to run, hence the Z80's 64Kb memory is actually too small to run the compiler. So ALGOL 68C programs for the Z80 had to be cross compiled from ALGOL 68C running on the larger CAP capability computer or an IBM System/370 mainframe.
Separate compilation in ALGOL 68C is done using the ENVIRON and USING clauses. The ENVIRON saves the complete environment at the point it appears. A separate module written starting with a USING clause is effectively inserted into the first module at the point the ENVIRON clause appears._NEWLINE_ENVIRON and USING are useful for a top-down style of programming, in contrast to the bottom-up style implied by traditional library mechanisms._NEWLINE_These clauses are kind of the inverse of the #include found in the C programming language, or import found in Python. The purpose of the ENVIRON mechanism is to allow a program source to be broken into manageable sized pieces. It is only necessary to parse the shared source file once, unlike a #include found in the C programming language where the include file needs to be parsed for each source file that includes it.
In computer science, algorithmic efficiency is a property of an algorithm which relates to the number of computational resources used by the algorithm. An algorithm must be analyzed to determine its resource usage, and the efficiency of an algorithm can be measured based on usage of different resources. Algorithmic efficiency can be thought of as analogous to engineering productivity for a repeating or continuous process._NEWLINE_For maximum efficiency we wish to minimize resource usage. However, different resources such as time and space complexity cannot be compared directly, so which of two algorithms is considered to be more efficient often depends on which measure of efficiency is considered most important._NEWLINE_For example, bubble sort and timsort are both algorithms to sort a list of items from smallest to largest. Bubble sort sorts the list in time proportional to the number of elements squared (, see Big O notation), but only requires a small amount of extra memory which is constant with respect to the length of the list (). Timsort sorts the list in time linearithmic (proportional to a quantity times its logarithm) in the list's length (), but has a space requirement linear in the length of the list (). If large lists must be sorted at high speed for a given application, timsort is a better choice; however, if minimizing the memory footprint of the sorting is more important, bubble sort is a better choice.
The importance of efficiency with respect to time was emphasised by Ada Lovelace in 1843 as applying to Charles Babbage's mechanical analytical engine:_NEWLINE_"In almost every computation a great variety of arrangements for the succession of the processes is possible, and various considerations must influence the selections amongst them for the purposes of a calculating engine. One essential object is to choose that arrangement which shall tend to reduce to a minimum the time necessary for completing the calculation"_NEWLINE_Early electronic computers were severely limited both by the speed of operations and the amount of memory available. In some cases it was realized that there was a space–time trade-off, whereby a task could be handled either by using a fast algorithm which used quite a lot of working memory, or by using a slower algorithm which used very little working memory. The engineering trade-off was then to use the fastest algorithm which would fit in the available memory._NEWLINE_Modern computers are significantly faster than the early computers, and have a much larger amount of memory available (Gigabytes instead of Kilobytes). Nevertheless, Donald Knuth emphasised that efficiency is still an important consideration:_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_ "In established engineering disciplines a 12% improvement, easily obtained, is never considered marginal and I believe the same viewpoint should prevail in software engineering"
An algorithm is considered efficient if its resource consumption, also known as computational cost, is at or below some acceptable level. Roughly speaking, 'acceptable' means:  it will run in a reasonable amount of time or space on an available computer, typically as a function of the size of the input. Since the 1950s computers have seen dramatic increases in both the available computational power and in the available amount of memory, so current acceptable levels would have been unacceptable even 10 years ago. In fact, thanks to the approximate doubling of computer power every 2 years, tasks that are acceptably efficient on modern smartphones and embedded systems may have been unacceptably inefficient for industrial servers 10 years ago._NEWLINE_Computer manufacturers frequently bring out new models, often with higher performance. Software costs can be quite high, so in some cases the simplest and cheapest way of getting higher performance might be to just buy a faster computer, provided it is compatible with an existing computer._NEWLINE_There are many ways in which the resources used by an algorithm can be measured: the two most common measures are speed and memory usage; other measures could include transmission speed, temporary disk usage, long-term disk usage, power consumption, total cost of ownership, response time to external stimuli, etc. Many of these measures depend on the size of the input to the algorithm, i.e. the amount of data to be processed. They might also depend on the way in which the data is arranged; for example, some sorting algorithms perform poorly on data which is already sorted, or which is sorted in reverse order._NEWLINE_In practice, there are other factors which can affect the efficiency of an algorithm, such as requirements for accuracy and/or reliability. As detailed below, the way in which an algorithm is implemented can also have a significant effect on actual efficiency, though many aspects of this relate to optimization issues.
For new versions of software or to provide comparisons with competitive systems, benchmarks are sometimes used, which assist with gauging an algorithms relative performance. If a new sort algorithm is produced, for example, it can be compared with its predecessors to ensure that at least it is efficient as before with known data, taking into consideration any functional improvements. Benchmarks can be used by customers when comparing various products from alternative suppliers to estimate which product will best suit their specific requirements in terms of functionality and performance. For example, in the mainframe world certain proprietary sort products from independent software companies such as Syncsort compete with products from the major suppliers such as IBM for speed._NEWLINE_Some benchmarks provide opportunities for producing an analysis comparing the relative speed of various compiled and interpreted languages for example_NEWLINE_and The Computer Language Benchmarks Game compares the performance of implementations of typical programming problems in several programming languages._NEWLINE_Even creating "do it yourself" benchmarks can demonstrate the relative performance of different programming languages, using a variety of user specified criteria. This is quite simple, as a "Nine language performance roundup" by Christopher W. Cowell-Shah demonstrates by example.
Implementation issues can also have an effect on efficiency, such as the choice of programming language, or the way in which the algorithm is actually coded, or the choice of a compiler for a particular language, or the compilation options used, or even the operating system being used. In many cases a language implemented by an interpreter may be much slower than a language implemented by a compiler. See the articles on just-in-time compilation and interpreted languages._NEWLINE_There are other factors which may affect time or space issues, but which may be outside of a programmer's control; these include data alignment, data granularity, cache locality, cache coherency, garbage collection, instruction-level parallelism, multi-threading (at either a hardware or software level), simultaneous multitasking, and subroutine calls._NEWLINE_Some processors have capabilities for vector processing, which allow a single instruction to operate on multiple operands; it may or may not be easy for a programmer or compiler to use these capabilities. Algorithms designed for sequential processing may need to be completely redesigned to make use of parallel processing, or they could be easily reconfigured. As parallel and distributed computing grow in importance in the late 2010s, more investments are being made into efficient high-level APIs for parallel and distributed computing systems such as CUDA, TensorFlow, Hadoop, OpenMP and MPI._NEWLINE_Another problem which can arise in programming is that processors compatible with the same instruction set (such as x86-64 or ARM) may implement an instruction in different ways, so that instructions which are relatively fast on some models may be relatively slow on other models. This often presents challenges to optimizing compilers, which must have a great amount of knowledge of the specific CPU and other hardware available on the compilation target to best optimize a program for performance. In the extreme case, a compiler may be forced to emulate instructions not supported on a compilation target platform, forcing it to generate code or link an external library call to produce a result that is otherwise incomputable on that platform, even if it is natively supported and more efficient in hardware on other platforms. This is often the case in embedded systems with respect to floating-point arithmetic, where small and low-power microcontrollers often lack hardware support for floating-point arithmetic and thus require computationally expensive software routines to produce floating point calculations.
Analyze the algorithm, typically using time complexity analysis to get an estimate of the running time as a function of the size of the input data. The result is normally expressed using Big O notation. This is useful for comparing algorithms, especially when a large amount of data is to be processed. More detailed estimates are needed to compare algorithm performance when the amount of data is small, although this is likely to be of less importance. Algorithms which include parallel processing may be more difficult to analyze.
Use a benchmark to time the use of an algorithm. Many programming languages have an available function which provides CPU time usage. For long-running algorithms the elapsed time could also be of interest. Results should generally be averaged over several tests._NEWLINE_Run-based profiling can be very sensitive to hardware configuration and the possibility of other programs or tasks running at the same time in a multi-processing and multi-programming environment._NEWLINE_This sort of test also depends heavily on the selection of a particular programming language, compiler, and compiler options, so algorithms being compared must all be implemented under the same conditions.
On 4 May 2009, Antasari was arrested on suspicion of ordering the murder of Nasrudin Zulkarnaen, a prominent businessman who headed a state-owned pharmaceuticals firm, PT Rajawali Putra Banjaran. It was alleged that Nasrudin had been blackmailing Antasari over the latter's extramarital affair with a female golf caddy._NEWLINE_Also arrested in connection with the murder were tycoon Sigid Haryo Wibisono, the former head of Golkar's Central Java chapter and chief commissioner of the Harian Merdeka newspaper; and Senior Commissioner Wiliardi Wizar, the former South Jakarta Police chief. Six men involved in planning and conducting the assassination was also detained. Williardi was accused of hiring the hit squad and Sigid was accused of paying for the hit._NEWLINE_Antasari denied any wrongdoing, claiming he was faithful to his wife, Ida Laksmiwati, of 26 years. He was suspended as KPK chairman by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono._NEWLINE_On 11 February 2010, Antasari was convicted of ordering the murder and sentenced to 18 years' imprisonment. He appealed the verdict unsuccessfully.
In 1953, as the Cold War was heating up, President Tito directed the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) to begin work on the ARK bunker. In the event of nuclear war, the complex was designed to function as a center of military operations and a shelter for both the Supreme Command staff and Tito, along with his family and close associates. Its construction and existence were among the most closely guarded Yugoslav military secrets of the time and remained so until the 1990s, when the ARK was revealed to the public. _NEWLINE_In 1979, when work was completed after 26 years and $4.6 billion in construction costs (equal to $26 billion in today's currency), the facility was handed over to a JNA detachment of 16 military personnel (by ethnicity: 9 Serbs, 4 Bosniaks, and 3 Croats) tasked with maintaining the structure, should the need ever arise. After Tito's death in 1980, the complex was mothballed but kept ready in case of war. In March 1992, during the breakup of Yugoslavia, the JNA ordered its demolition to deny it to the separatist government of Bosnia and Herzegovina. As with the nearby Željava Air Base, it was prepped for destruction with explosives, but the military detachment refused to carry out the order and instead surrendered the structure to the separatist Bosnian government. It was subsequently used as a supply base by Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina during 1992-96 war, as medical supplies and equipment were in short supply.
Built between 1953 and 1979 inside a Zlatar hill at the southern foothill of the Bjelašnica Mountain, the ARK is the largest nuclear shelter, and one of the largest underground facilities, ever built in the former Yugoslavia. For over a decade after its completion, it was the most secret military installation in the country. All construction workers were carefully selected and vetted, signing a contract of silence, and all staff members held the highest security clearance._NEWLINE_Visible from the outside of the complex are three nondescript houses, not marked on any map, surrounded by natural settings and located along the Neretva River. For nearly 50 years, the houses concealed entrances to the third largest military facility in Yugoslavia (after the underground Željava Air Base near Bihać and the Lora naval facility in Split, Croatia). The houses consist of a control residence, a building containing secure communication links, and the facility where technical support personnel would be located. Along a corridor located in the first house, three 1.20 meter-thick metal doors protect a tunnel leading to the heart of the shelter, which is 280 meters deep and 202 meters long._NEWLINE_The underground horseshoe-shaped structure, built to withstand a 20-kiloton nuclear blast, is divided into interconnected 12 blocks, the most important being Blocks 6 (communication), 8 (Tito's block), 9 (air filtration), 10 (fuel storage), and 11 (water storage). Designed to protect and accommodate up to 350 people for up to six months, the bunker covers an area of 6,854 m² and contains over 100 rooms, including dormitories, two large conference rooms, five operation centers with direct phone links to the Presidency, two kitchens, five large toilets, a cryptography center, cable television access, and a fully equipped hospital operating room. President Tito's residence consists of five rooms: one for his secretary and party leaders, Tito's office, his bedroom, from which one could enter the room of Yugoslav First Lady Jovanka Broz, and a relaxation room._NEWLINE_Within the structure are 21 large systems and maintenance rooms with containers capable of holding 50 tons of oil, climate control systems, 170 cubic-meter water tanks, and running water drawn from natural wells located within the mountain. Each system was equipped with a back-up in case the primary failed. The temperature in the bunker is between 21 and 23 degrees Celsius, with humidity between 60% and 70%, representing near-optimal subterranean living conditions. The complex is lit by approximately 6,000 neon bulbs.
On May 25, 2014, the source code of Bomberman Legends that was originally thought to be lost was found on a CD-ROM and eventually preserved by Mike and his brother Jeremy Mike, who was one of the lead programmers of the title, along with a member of the Jaguar community. More information about the project were revealed on Twitter posts written by Mike, including a never-before-seen production artwork of the game that was showcased to the public on June 26, 2016.
Many logical flaws were found in COBOL 60, leading GE's Charles Katz to warn that it could not be interpreted unambiguously. A reluctant short-term committee enacted a total cleanup and, by March 1963, it was reported that COBOL's syntax was as definable as ALGOL's, although semantic ambiguities remained._NEWLINE_Early COBOL compilers were primitive and slow. A 1962 US Navy evaluation found compilation speeds of 3–11 statements per minute. By mid-1964, they had increased to 11–1000 statements per minute. It was observed that increasing memory would drastically increase speed and that compilation costs varied wildly: costs per statement were between $0.23 and $18.91._NEWLINE_In late 1962, IBM announced that COBOL would be their primary development language and that development of COMTRAN would cease._NEWLINE_The COBOL specification was revised three times in the five years after its publication._NEWLINE_COBOL-60 was replaced in 1961 by COBOL-61. This was then replaced by the COBOL-61 Extended specifications in 1963, which introduced the sort and report writer facilities._NEWLINE_The added facilities corrected flaws identified by Honeywell in late 1959 in a letter to the short-range committee._NEWLINE_COBOL Edition 1965 brought further clarifications to the specifications and introduced facilities for handling mass storage files and tables.
COBOL programs are used globally in governments and businesses and are running on diverse operating systems such as z/OS, z/VSE, VME, Unix, OpenVMS and Windows. In 1997, the Gartner Group reported that 80% of the world's business ran on COBOL with over 200 billion lines of code and 5 billion lines more being written annually._NEWLINE_Near the end of the 20th century, the year 2000 problem (Y2K) was the focus of significant COBOL programming effort, sometimes by the same programmers who had designed the systems decades before. The particular level of effort required to correct COBOL code has been attributed to the large amount of business-oriented COBOL, as business applications use dates heavily, and to fixed-length data fields. After the clean-up effort put into these programs for Y2K, a 2003 survey found that many remained in use._NEWLINE_The authors said that the survey data suggest "a gradual decline in the importance of Cobol in application development over the [following] 10 years unless ... integration with other languages and technologies can be adopted"._NEWLINE_In 2006 and 2012, Computerworld surveys found that over 60% of organizations used COBOL (more than C++ and Visual Basic .NET) and that for half of those, COBOL was used for the majority of their internal software. 36% of managers said they planned to migrate from COBOL, and 25% said they would like to if it was cheaper. Instead, some businesses have migrated their systems from expensive mainframes to cheaper, more modern systems, while maintaining their COBOL programs._NEWLINE_Testimony before the House of Representatives in 2016 indicated that COBOL is still in use by many federal agencies.
The sections and paragraphs in the procedure division (collectively called procedures) can be used as labels and as simple subroutines. Unlike in other divisions, paragraphs do not need to be in sections._NEWLINE_Execution goes down through the procedures of a program until it is terminated._NEWLINE_To use procedures as subroutines, the PERFORM verb is used._NEWLINE_A PERFORM statement somewhat resembles a procedure call in a modern language in the sense that execution returns to the code following the PERFORM statement at the end of the called code; however, it does not provide any mechanism for parameter passing or for returning a result value. If a subroutine is invoked using a simple statement like PERFORM subroutine, then control returns at the end of the called procedure. However, PERFORM is unusual in that it may be used to call a range spanning a sequence of several adjacent procedures. This is done with the PERFORM sub-1 THRU sub-n construct:_NEWLINE_PROCEDURE so-and-so._NEWLINE_    PERFORM ALPHA_NEWLINE_    PERFORM ALPHA THRU GAMMA_NEWLINE_    STOP RUN.ALPHA._NEWLINE_    DISPLAY 'A'.BETA._NEWLINE_    DISPLAY 'B'.GAMMA._NEWLINE_    DISPLAY 'C'._NEWLINE_The output of this program will be: "A A B C"._NEWLINE_PERFORM also differs from conventional procedure calls in that there is, at least traditionally, no notion of a call stack. As a consequence, nested invocations are possible (a sequence of code being PERFORM'ed may execute a PERFORM statement itself), but require extra care if parts of the same code are executed by both invocations. The problem arises when the code in the inner invocation reaches the exit point of the outer invocation. More formally, if control passes through the exit point of a PERFORM invocation that was called earlier but has not completed yet, the COBOL 2002 standard officially stipulates that the behaviour is undefined._NEWLINE_The reason is that COBOL, rather than a "return address", operates with what may be called a continuation address. When control flow reaches the end of any procedure, the continuation address is looked up and control is transferred to that address. Before the program runs, the continuation address for every procedure is initialised to the start address of the procedure that comes next in the program text so that, if no PERFORM statements happen, control flows from top to bottom through the program. But when a PERFORM statement executes, it modifies the continuation address of the called procedure (or the last procedure of the called range, if PERFORM THRU was used), so that control will return to the call site at the end. The original value is saved and is restored afterwards, but there is only one storage position. If two nested invocations operate on overlapping code, they may interfere which each other's management of the continuation address in several ways._NEWLINE_The following example (taken from Veerman/Verhoeven, 2006) illustrates the problem:_NEWLINE_LABEL1._NEWLINE_    DISPLAY '1'_NEWLINE_    PERFORM LABEL2 THRU LABEL3_NEWLINE_    STOP RUN.LABEL2._NEWLINE_    DISPLAY '2'_NEWLINE_    PERFORM LABEL3 THRU LABEL4.LABEL3._NEWLINE_    DISPLAY '3'.LABEL4._NEWLINE_    DISPLAY '4'._NEWLINE_One might expect that the output of this program would be "1 2 3 4 3": After displaying "2", the second PERFORM causes "3" and "4" to be displayed, and then the first invocation continues on with "3". In traditional COBOL implementations, this is not the case. Rather, the first PERFORM statement sets the continuation address at the end of LABEL3 so that it will jump back to the call site inside LABEL1. The second PERFORM statement sets the return at the end of LABEL4 but does not modify the continuation address of LABEL3, expecting it to be the default continuation. Thus, when the inner invocation arrives at the end of LABEL3, it jumps back to the outer PERFORM statement, and the program stops having printed just "1 2 3". On the other hand, in some COBOL implementations like the open-source TinyCOBOL compiler, the two PERFORM statements do not interfere with each other and the output is indeed "1 2 3 4 3". Therefore the behaviour in such cases is not only (perhaps) surprising, it is also not portable._NEWLINE_A special consequence of this limitation is that PERFORM cannot be used to write recursive code. Another simple example to illustrate this (slightly simplified from Veerman/Verhoeven, 2006):_NEWLINE_    MOVE 1 TO A_NEWLINE_    PERFORM LABEL    STOP RUN.LABEL._NEWLINE_    DISPLAY A_NEWLINE_    IF A < 3        ADD 1 TO A_NEWLINE_        PERFORM LABEL    END-IF    DISPLAY 'END'._NEWLINE_One might expect that the output is "1 2 3 END END END", and in fact that is what some COBOL compilers will produce. But some compilers, like IBM COBOL, will produce code that prints "1 2 3 END END END END ..." and so on, printing "END" over and over in an endless loop. Since there is limited space to store backup continuation addresses, the backups get overwritten in the course of recursive invocations, and all that can be restored is the jump back to DISPLAY 'END'.
The original (1959) COBOL specification supported the infamous  ALTER X TO PROCEED TO Y  statement, for which many compilers generated self-modifying code. X and Y are procedure labels, and the single  GO TO  statement in procedure X executed after such an ALTER statement means  GO TO Y  instead. Many compilers still support it,_NEWLINE_but it was deemed obsolete in the COBOL 1985 standard and deleted in 2002._NEWLINE_The ALTER statement was poorly regarded because it undermined "locality of context" and made a program's overall logic difficult to comprehend.  As textbook author Daniel D. McCracken wrote in 1976, when "someone who has never seen the program before must become familiar with it as quickly as possible, sometimes under critical time pressure because the program has failed ... the sight of a GO TO statement in a paragraph by itself, signaling as it does the existence of an unknown number of ALTER statements at unknown locations throughout the program, strikes fear in the heart of the bravest programmer."
A "Hello, world" program in COBOL:_NEWLINE_       IDENTIFICATION DIVISION.       PROGRAM-ID. hello-world.       PROCEDURE DIVISION.           DISPLAY "Hello, world!"           ._NEWLINE_When the – now famous – "Hello, World!" program example in The C Programming Language was first published in 1978 a similar mainframe COBOL program sample would have been submitted through JCL, very likely using a punch card reader, and 80 column punch cards. The listing below, with an empty DATA DIVISION, was tested using GNU/Linux and the System/370 Hercules emulator running MVS 3.8J. The JCL, written in July 2015, is derived from the Hercules tutorials and samples hosted by Jay Moseley. In keeping with COBOL programming of that era, HELLO, WORLD is displayed in all capital letters._NEWLINE_//COBUCLG  JOB (001),'COBOL BASE TEST',                                 00010000//             CLASS=A,MSGCLASS=A,MSGLEVEL=(1,1)                        00020000//BASETEST EXEC COBUCLG                                                 00030000//COB.SYSIN DD *                                                        00040000 00000* VALIDATION OF BASE COBOL INSTALL                                00050000 01000 IDENTIFICATION DIVISION.                                         00060000 01100 PROGRAM-ID. 'HELLO'.                                             00070000 02000 ENVIRONMENT DIVISION.                                            00080000 02100 CONFIGURATION SECTION.                                           00090000 02110 SOURCE-COMPUTER.  GNULINUX.                                      00100000 02120 OBJECT-COMPUTER.  HERCULES.                                      00110000 02200 SPECIAL-NAMES.                                                   00120000 02210     CONSOLE IS CONSL.                                            00130000 03000 DATA DIVISION.                                                   00140000 04000 PROCEDURE DIVISION.                                              00150000 04100 00-MAIN.                                                         00160000 04110     DISPLAY 'HELLO, WORLD' UPON CONSL.                           00170000 04900     STOP RUN.                                                    00180000//LKED.SYSLIB DD DSNAME=SYS1.COBLIB,DISP=SHR                            00190000//            DD DSNAME=SYS1.LINKLIB,DISP=SHR                           00200000//GO.SYSPRINT DD SYSOUT=A                                               00210000//                                                                      00220000_NEWLINE_After submitting the JCL, the MVS console displayed:_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  $HASP100 COBUCLG  ON READER1     COBOL BASE TEST_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  IEF677I WARNING MESSAGE(S) FOR JOB COBUCLG  ISSUED_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  $HASP373 COBUCLG  STARTED - INIT 1 - CLASS A - SYS BSP1_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  IEC130I SYSPUNCH DD STATEMENT MISSING_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  IEC130I SYSLIB   DD STATEMENT MISSING_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  IEC130I SYSPUNCH DD STATEMENT MISSING_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  IEFACTRT - Stepname  Procstep  Program   Retcode_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  COBUCLG    BASETEST  COB       IKFCBL00  RC= 0000_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  COBUCLG    BASETEST  LKED      IEWL      RC= 0000_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  +HELLO, WORLD_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  COBUCLG    BASETEST  GO        PGM=*.DD  RC= 0000_NEWLINE_    19.52.48 JOB    3  $HASP395 COBUCLG  ENDED_NEWLINE_Line 10 of the console listing above is highlighted for effect, the highlighting is not part of the actual console output._NEWLINE_The associated compiler listing generated over four pages of technical detail and job run information, for the single line of output from the 14 lines of COBOL.
The COBOL community has always been isolated from the computer science community. No academic computer scientists participated in the design of COBOL: all of those on the committee came from commerce or government. Computer scientists at the time were more interested in fields like numerical analysis, physics and system programming than the commercial file-processing problems which COBOL development tackled. Jean Sammet attributed COBOL's unpopularity to an initial "snob reaction" due to its inelegance, the lack of influential computer scientists participating in the design process and a disdain for business data processing. The COBOL specification used a unique "notation", or metalanguage, to define its syntax rather than the new Backus–Naur form which the committee did not know of. This resulted in "severe" criticism._NEWLINE_Later, COBOL suffered from a shortage of material covering it; it took until 1963 for introductory books to appear (with Richard D. Irwin publishing a college textbook on COBOL in 1966). By 1985, there were twice as many books on Fortran and four times as many on BASIC as on COBOL in the Library of Congress. University professors taught more modern, state-of-the-art languages and techniques instead of COBOL which was said to have a "trade school" nature. Donald Nelson, chair of the CODASYL COBOL committee, said in 1984 that "academics ... hate COBOL" and that computer science graduates "had 'hate COBOL' drilled into them". A 2013 poll by Micro Focus found that 20% of university academics thought COBOL was outdated or dead and that 55% believed their students thought COBOL was outdated or dead. The same poll also found that only 25% of academics had COBOL programming on their curriculum even though 60% thought they should teach it._NEWLINE_In contrast, in 2003, COBOL featured in 80% of information systems curricula in the United States, the same proportion as C++ and Java._NEWLINE_There was also significant condescension towards COBOL in the business community from users of other languages, for example FORTRAN or assembler, implying that COBOL could be used only for non-challenging problems.
COBOL's data structures influenced subsequent programming languages. Its record and file structure influenced PL/I and Pascal, and the REDEFINES clause was a predecessor to Pascal's variant records. Explicit file structure definitions preceded the development of database management systems and aggregated data was a significant advance over Fortran's arrays.PICTURE data declarations were incorporated into PL/I, with minor changes._NEWLINE_COBOL's COPY facility, although considered "primitive",_NEWLINE_influenced the development of include directives._NEWLINE_The focus on portability and standardization meant programs written in COBOL could be portable and facilitated the spread of the language to a wide variety of hardware platforms and operating systems. Additionally, the well-defined division structure restricts the definition of external references to the Environment Division, which simplifies platform changes in particular.
Casey Nicholaw (born 1962) is an American theatre director, choreographer and performer. He has been nominated for Tony Awards for directing and choreographing The Drowsy Chaperone (2006), The Book of Mormon (2011), Something Rotten! (2015), and Mean Girls (2018), for directing The Prom (2019), and for choreographing Monty Python's Spamalot (2005) and Aladdin (2014), winning for his co-direction of The Book of Mormon with Trey Parker. He also was nominated for the Drama Desk Awards for Outstanding Direction and Choreography for The Drowsy Chaperone (2006) and Something Rotten! (2015) and for Outstanding Choreography for Spamalot (2005).
Cicurug is a sub-district of Sukabumi regency in West Java, Indonesia. It is situated between Bogor and Sukabumi, located approximately 100 km south of Jakarta. Cicurug is surrounded by Mount Salak and Mount Gede. Cicurug can be reached by buses plying these routes: Jakarta-Sukabumi, Bogor-Pelabuhan Ratu and Bogor-Sukabumi._NEWLINE_Cicurug is infamous for its appalling traffic jams,  especially over holiday weekends. Radical solutions proposed by local environmental experts are expected to improve matters.
On 31 May 1823, the British ship Transit arrived in Batavia, on the island of Java, having lost its master, Capt Alexander, to a whale near Christmas Island.  James Coffin was on Java at the time and was appointed as captain._NEWLINE_Later that year, while working in the central Pacific, James is said to have discovered Enderbury Island in the Phoenix group, naming it after the London whaling firm Samuel Enderby & Sons. However, when he described his own discoveries of the Bonins to Arrowsmith and other geographers, he did not mention Enderbury.
Darren Gergle was born on December 2, 1972 to parents Robert and Barbara Gergle. He is the youngest of three children with two older siblings, Tonya Gergle and James Gergle. He is married to Tracy Lynn Zawaski. He graduated from the University of Michigan in December, 1995 with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Printmaking and Sculpture. Six years later he attained his Masters of Science in Information (Human Computer Interaction). In 2006, he achieved his Doctor of Philosophy in Human Computer Interaction from the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University.Northwestern University, Communication Studies Department, hired him as an Assistant Professor in 2006 where he lectured for ten years. In 2015, he was appointed Professor of the same university where he currently lectures Technology and Human Interaction; Community Building Software; Applied Research Methods for Media and Technology and Python for Social Scientists. He is also currently the director of the CollabLab, a research facility where researchers explore how humans and computers interact in technologically-mediated environments.
A University Professor Emeritus in the Department of Population Medicine at the University of Guelph, he is the founding president of Veterinarians without Borders/ Vétérinaires sans Frontières - Canada, founding president of the Network for Ecosystem Sustainability and Health., and one of the founding members of the Community of Practice for Ecosystem Approaches to Health – Canada._NEWLINE_Besides about 100 peer-reviewed scholarly papers and a textbook (Ecosystem Sustainability and Health: a practical approach, Cambridge, 2004), he has published half a dozen books of poetry, a collection of poems and recipes, an award-winning collection of short stories (One Foot in Heaven), a murder mystery (Fear of Landing) and a book about the natural history of diseases people get from animals (The Chickens Fight Back: Pandemic Panics and Deadly Diseases that Jump from Animals to Humans).  In 2011 he collaborated with artist Diane Maclean on her exhibition Bird at Killhope North of England Lead Mining Museum, contributing a new poem, The Love Song of the Javanese Singing Cock
There are three versions of the Mirage. The first has a spongy-feeling keyboard and large square black buttons. The second has a better-weighted feel keyboard and small calculator-like buttons. The third is shorter and in a plastic case, has a non-weighted keyboard and sold for about $1300 USD. A 2U rack-mounted version was also produced._NEWLINE_The Mirage is an 8-bit sampler featuring a 61 key velocity-sensitive keyboard, a two-digit LED display, extensive MIDI implementation, analog filters, a 333-event sequencer.  It has 128kB of RAM (64kB for each keyboard half) and it is not expandable. Sample rate is variable from 10 kHz to 33 kHz with available sample time ranging from 2 to 6.5 seconds accordingly (for each keyboard half)._NEWLINE_It includes a built-in 3.5 inch SS/DD floppy disk drive, which is used to boot the operating system as well as to store samples and sequences. Each disk has a copy of the operating system and can be used as a boot disk, obviating the need for a separate boot disk._NEWLINE_Each disk stores six samples and up to eight sequences. The keyboard is 'pre-configured' into two halves, each functioning as two independent instruments, though the split point could be moved. This makes it easy to have one sound for the right hand (an 'upper' sound) and another for the left (a 'lower' sound). However, the standard OS can not move samples between keyboard halves. Thus the diskette can save three 'upper' sounds and three 'lower' sounds. Ensoniq later made an alternative OS available called MASOS which trades off performance features for editing features, including the ability to copy an 'upper' sound to a 'lower' sound and vice versa._NEWLINE_Using a feature called multi-sampling, the Mirage is also capable of assigning multiple samples to different keys across its keyboard. Using this technique, the Mirage essentially turns into a polyphonic mult-timbral MIDI sound module complete with a velocity-sensitive keyboard that can be used to drive other MIDI sound modules as well its own sound engine._NEWLINE_The Mirage sampler has become a minor sought-after item due to the distinctive sound of its low bitrate converters, although not as desirable as similar-sounding samplers such as Akai's MPC60 and S900 due to its complex hexadecimal-based programming. Despite this, many industrial producers have championed the Mirage for its abrasive sound qualities.
Ernest Borisovich Vinberg (Russian: Эрнест Борисович Винберг; born 26 July 1937) is a Russian mathematician, who works on discrete subgroups of Lie groups and representation theory. He introduced Vinberg's algorithm and the Koecher–Vinberg theorem._NEWLINE_He is a recipient of the Humboldt Prize. He is on the executive committee of the Moscow Mathematical Society. In 1983 he was an Invited Speaker with a talk on Discrete reflection groups in Lobachevsky spaces at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Warsaw. In 2010 he was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences._NEWLINE_His doctoral students include Victor Kac and Boris Weisfeiler.
Gödel's incompleteness theorems are two theorems of mathematical logic that demonstrate the inherent limitations of every formal axiomatic system capable of modelling basic arithmetic.  These results, published by Kurt Gödel in 1931, are important both in mathematical logic and in the philosophy of mathematics. The theorems are widely, but not universally, interpreted as showing that Hilbert's program to find a complete and consistent set of axioms for all mathematics is impossible._NEWLINE_The first incompleteness theorem states that no consistent system of axioms whose theorems can be listed by an effective procedure (i.e., an algorithm) is capable of proving all truths about the arithmetic of natural numbers.  For any such consistent formal system, there will always be statements about natural numbers that are true, but that are unprovable within the system. The second incompleteness theorem, an extension of the first, shows that the system cannot demonstrate its own consistency._NEWLINE_Employing a diagonal argument, Gödel's incompleteness theorems were the first of several closely related theorems on the limitations of formal systems. They were followed by Tarski's undefinability theorem on the formal undefinability of truth, Church's proof that Hilbert's Entscheidungsproblem is unsolvable, and Turing's theorem that there is no algorithm to solve the halting problem.
There are two distinct senses of the word "undecidable" in mathematics and computer science. The first of these is the proof-theoretic sense used in relation to Gödel's theorems, that of a statement being neither provable nor refutable in a specified deductive system.  The second sense, which will not be discussed here, is used in relation to computability theory and applies not to statements but to decision problems, which are countably infinite sets of questions each requiring a yes or no answer. Such a problem is said to be undecidable if there is no computable function that correctly answers every question in the problem set (see undecidable problem)._NEWLINE_Because of the two meanings of the word undecidable, the term independent is sometimes used instead of undecidable for the "neither provable nor refutable" sense._NEWLINE_Undecidability of a statement in a particular deductive system does not, in and of itself, address the question of whether the truth value of the statement is well-defined, or whether it can be determined by other means. Undecidability only implies that the particular deductive system being considered does not prove the truth or falsity of the statement. Whether there exist so-called "absolutely undecidable" statements, whose truth value can never be known or is ill-specified, is a controversial point in the philosophy of mathematics._NEWLINE_The combined work of Gödel and Paul Cohen has given two concrete examples of undecidable statements (in the first sense of the term): The continuum hypothesis can neither be proved nor refuted in ZFC (the standard axiomatization of set theory), and the axiom of choice can neither be proved nor refuted in ZF (which is all the ZFC axioms except the axiom of choice).  These results do not require the incompleteness theorem.   Gödel proved in 1940 that neither of these statements could be disproved in ZF or ZFC set theory. In the 1960s, Cohen proved that neither is provable from ZF, and the continuum hypothesis cannot be proved from ZFC._NEWLINE_In 1973, Saharon Shelah showed that the Whitehead problem in group theory is undecidable, in the first sense of the term, in standard set theory._NEWLINE_Gregory Chaitin produced undecidable statements in algorithmic information theory and proved another incompleteness theorem in that setting. Chaitin's incompleteness theorem states that for any system that can represent enough arithmetic, there is an upper bound c such that no specific number can be proved in that system to have Kolmogorov complexity greater than c. While Gödel's theorem is related to the liar paradox, Chaitin's result is related to Berry's paradox.
These are natural mathematical equivalents of the Gödel "true but undecidable" sentence. They can be proved in a larger system which is generally accepted as a valid form of reasoning, but are undecidable in a more limited system such as Peano Arithmetic._NEWLINE_In 1977, Paris and Harrington proved that the Paris–Harrington principle, a version of the infinite Ramsey theorem, is undecidable in (first-order) Peano arithmetic, but can be proved in the stronger system of second-order arithmetic. Kirby and Paris later showed that Goodstein's theorem, a statement about sequences of natural numbers somewhat simpler than the Paris–Harrington principle, is also undecidable in Peano arithmetic._NEWLINE_Kruskal's tree theorem, which has applications in computer science, is also undecidable from Peano arithmetic but provable in set theory. In fact Kruskal's tree theorem (or its finite form) is undecidable in a much stronger system codifying the principles acceptable based on a philosophy of mathematics called predicativism.  The related but more general graph minor theorem (2003) has consequences for computational complexity theory.
The incompleteness theorem is closely related to several results about undecidable sets in recursion theory._NEWLINE_Stephen Cole Kleene (1943) presented a proof of Gödel's incompleteness theorem using basic results of computability theory. One such result shows that the halting problem is undecidable: there is no computer program that can correctly determine, given any program P as input, whether P eventually halts when run with a particular given input. Kleene showed that the existence of a complete effective system of arithmetic with certain consistency properties would force the halting problem to be decidable, a contradiction. This method of proof has also been presented by Shoenfield (1967, p. 132); Charlesworth (1980); and Hopcroft and Ullman (1979)._NEWLINE_Franzén (2005, p. 73) explains how Matiyasevich's solution to Hilbert's 10th problem can be used to obtain a proof to Gödel's first incompleteness theorem. Matiyasevich proved that there is no algorithm that, given a multivariate polynomial p(x₁, x₂,...,xₖ) with integer coefficients, determines whether there is an integer solution to the equation p = 0. Because polynomials with integer coefficients, and integers themselves, are directly expressible in the language of arithmetic, if a multivariate integer polynomial equation p = 0 does have a solution in the integers then any sufficiently strong system of arithmetic T will prove this. Moreover, if the system T is ω-consistent, then it will never prove that a particular polynomial equation has a solution when in fact there is no solution in the integers. Thus, if T were complete and ω-consistent, it would be possible to determine algorithmically whether a polynomial equation has a solution by merely enumerating proofs of T until either "p has a solution" or "p has no solution" is found, in contradiction to Matiyasevich's theorem. Moreover, for each consistent effectively generated system T, it is possible to effectively generate a multivariate polynomial p over the integers such that the equation p = 0 has no solutions over the integers, but the lack of solutions cannot be proved in T (Davis 2006:416, Jones 1980)._NEWLINE_Smorynski (1977, p. 842) shows how the existence of recursively inseparable sets can be used to prove the first incompleteness theorem. This proof is often extended to show that systems such as Peano arithmetic are essentially undecidable (see Kleene 1967, p. 274)._NEWLINE_Chaitin's incompleteness theorem gives a different method of producing independent sentences, based on Kolmogorov complexity. Like the proof presented by Kleene that was mentioned above, Chaitin's theorem only applies to theories with the additional property that all their axioms are true in the standard model of the natural numbers. Gödel's incompleteness theorem is distinguished by its applicability to consistent theories that nonetheless include statements that are false in the standard model; these theories are known as ω-inconsistent.
Günter Böckle (born 1949) is a German software engineer and project manager at Siemens Corporate Technology, known for his work on Software product line engineering._NEWLINE_Böckle received his Ph.D. in mathematics in 1976 from the University of Stuttgart. He started his career in industry working in the fields of software engineering, and systems engineering, particularly in systems modelling and simulation and evaluation. Late 1990s he moved into the field of software product line engineering, on which he published several papers and books. He is member INCOSE, the International Council on Systems Engineering.
The G.ho.st service provided a web-based working environment that mimicked the classic desktop provided by personal computer operating systems. Users were able to create, save and return to a working environment from different physical computers and mobile phones. G.ho.st called itself a virtual computer. Such services are not considered operating systems in the traditional sense although they are sometimes referred to as Web Operating Systems. Whilst they can include a GUI (e.g. a desktop), a (virtual) file system, application management and security, they do not contain a kernel to interface with physical hardware. Therefore, to use the service an operating system is required, supporting at least a web browser from which the service can be run._NEWLINE_In July 2009 the software entered beta stage development, and remained in this stage. The beta launch near Jerusalem was attended by Quartet Representative and former UK prime minister Tony Blair. The Company's primary investor was Benchmark Capital._NEWLINE_G.ho.st was hosted on Amazon Web Services, utilizing cloud computing on the backend and delivering a consumer version of cloud computing. According to the G.ho.st website (which is no longer accessible), it was planned to additionally offer a commercial, fully featured and scalable private cloud file system (Ghost Cloud File System, CFS) that would have run within the customer's own Amazon web services account. The business model would have been based on surcharges to Ghost, collected by Amazon._NEWLINE_The company received growing press coverage, relating both to the technology and because Israelis and Palestinians worked as partners to build the company's products. At its time it was considered to be the only joint Palestinian and Israeli technology startup company and the first company to offer employee stock options in the Palestinian Territories.
It was initially built in 1824 on an estate owned by the 18th Dutch resident of Yogyakarta, Anthonie Hendriks Smissaert. The first building was designed by an architect named A. Payen, with typical Indies tropical architecture design. The construction of the building was delayed by the ongoing Java War, a rebellion led by Prince Diponegoro and was only completed in 1832._NEWLINE_An earthquake shook and toppled the first palace on June 10, 1867 and the building was initially rebuilt in 1869. The status of Yogyakarta was changed from Resident to a province on 19 December 1927, thus the building changed its purpose as the governor's office._NEWLINE_During the struggle for Independence, the capital city of Jakarta was occupied by Allied force and the government was moved to Yogyakarta on 6 January 1946. The palace became the residence of president Sukarno between 1946 and 1949, until the government was moved back to Jakarta on 28 December 1949._NEWLINE_After Suharto's became the 2nd president of Indonesia, the palace was made a venue for afternoon parade on every 17 August to commemorate Indonesia's independence. Later in 1991 the building is used to celebrate every moment of seconds of the declaration of the independence.
Georg Nees (23 June 1926 – 3 January 2016) was a German academic who was a pioneer of computer art and generative graphics. He studied mathematics, physics and philosophy in Erlangen and Stuttgart and was scientific advisor at the SEMIOSIS, International Journal of semiotics and aesthetics. In 1977, he was appointed Honorary Professor of Applied computer science at the University of Erlangen Nees is one of the "3N" computer pioneers, an abbreviation that has become acknowledged for Frieder Nake, Georg Nees and A. Michael Noll, whose computer graphics were created with digital computers.
Gitter was created by some developers who were initially trying to create a generic web-based chat product, but then wrote extra code to hook their chat application up to GitHub to meet their own needs, and realised that they could turn the combined product into a viable specialist product in its own right._NEWLINE_Gitter came out of beta in 2014. During the beta period, Gitter delivered 1.8 million chat messages._NEWLINE_On March 15, 2017, GitLab announced the acquisition of Gitter. Included in the announcement was the stated intent that Gitter would continue as a standalone project. Additionally, GitLab announced that the code would become open source under an MIT License no later than June 2017. The source code has since been published in a set of repositories on GitLab's own instance of GitLab.
The Gitter web application is implemented entirely in JavaScript, with the back end being implemented on Node.js. The source code to the web application was formerly proprietary (it was open-sourced in June 2017), although Gitter had made numerous auxiliary projects available as open-source software, such as an IRC bridge for power users who prefer using IRC client applications (and their extra features) to converse in the Gitter chat rooms.
A website will probably be crawled by both Googlebot Desktop and Googlebot Mobile. The subtype of Googlebot can be identified by looking at the user agent string in the request. However, both crawler types obey the same product token (useent token) in robots.txt, and so a developer cannot selectively target either Googlebot mobile or Googlebot desktop using robots.txt._NEWLINE_If a webmaster wishes to restrict the information on their site available to a Googlebot, or another well-behaved spider, they can do so with the appropriate directives in a robots.txt file, or by adding the meta tag <meta name="Googlebot" content="nofollow" /> to the web page. Googlebot requests to Web servers are identifiable by a user-agent string containing "Googlebot" and a host address containing "googlebot.com"._NEWLINE_Currently, Googlebot follows HREF links and SRC links.  There is increasing evidence Googlebot can execute JavaScript and parse content generated by Ajax calls as well. There are many theories regarding how advanced Googlebot's ability is to process JavaScript, with opinions ranging from minimal ability derived from custom interpreters. Currently, Googlebot uses a web rendering service (WRS) that is based on Chromium rendering engine (version 74 as on 7 May 2019). Googlebot discovers pages by harvesting all the links on every page it finds. It then follows these links to other web pages. New web pages must be linked to from other known pages on the web in order to be crawled and indexed or manually submitted by the webmaster._NEWLINE_A problem that webmasters with low-bandwidth Web hosting plans have often noted with the Googlebot is that it takes up an enormous amount of bandwidth.  This can cause websites to exceed their bandwidth limit and be taken down temporarily. This is especially troublesome for mirror sites which host many gigabytes of data. Google provides "Search Console" that allow website owners to throttle the crawl rate._NEWLINE_How often Googlebot will crawl a site depends on the crawl budget. Crawl budget is an estimation of how often a website is updated. A site's crawl budget is determined by how many incoming links it has and how frequently the site is updated._NEWLINE_Technically, Googlebot's development team (Crawling and Indexing team) uses several defined terms internally to takes over what "crawl budget" stands for._NEWLINE_Since May 2019, Googlebot uses the latest Chromium rendering engine, which supports ECMAScript 6 features.
The results are displayed as a bar graph using animated HTML segments. Historically the results were displayed graphically in a mixed  Flash and JavaScript animation. In previous iterations, two animated stick figures fight on screen after the queries are entered, and then an animated bar graph appears showing the results. The stick figure animation has no impact on the actual results. The results may be comforting, funny or self-referential.
On 26 October 1987, Algonquin entered the Tribal Class Update and Modernization Project refit, dubbed TRUMP, at MIL-Davie, Lauzon. Labour problems and contract disputes delayed completion of the work until 11 Oct 1991._NEWLINE_As a modernization concept, origins of TRUMP date back to the early 1980s. By the mid-1980s the Canadian Federal Government had decided on the necessity of upgrading the Iroquois-class ships and released a request for proposal, foreseeing complete refurbishment. The project resulted in a thorough refurbishment of the ship and modernization of mechanical, electronic and weapon systems._NEWLINE_Litton Systems Canada was selected as prime contractor and project manager after submitting a detailed 4000+ page proposal which emphasized, maximum automation and software engineering This aspect of the TRUMP was extremely important due to the desired high level of automation in real-time command and control functions on the refurbished ships. Software engineering military standards were fairly recent and not yet widely assimilated, so Litton had to exercise particular caution in the areas of software configuration management (SCM) and software quality assurance (SQA). Litton's Proposal to the Canadian Federal Government had a 250-page SCM and SQA policies section which was accepted without a single edit due to highly sensitive and farsighted work of the Advance Programs Division Technical Contract Team at Litton who established a massive and capable engineering force by 1988–89._NEWLINE_The entire class underwent major retrofits in the early 1990s as a part of the Tribal Class Update and Modernization Project (TRUMP). These refits had the effect of re-purposing the ships for area air defence; following TRUMP, Iroquois-class ships were also referred to as air defence destroyers. This resulted in an update of vessel designation from DDH (Destroyer Helicopter) to DDG (Destroyer Guided Missile). Their former anti-submarine role was largely assumed by the Halifax-class frigates._NEWLINE_The main weapon of the new design was the Mk.41 VLS, firing 29 SM-2 Block III long-range anti-aircraft missiles. To provide room for the VLS, the original 5-in L54 gun was replaced with the smaller, but much faster firing, Oto Melara 76 mm gun, relocated from the deck to the bridgework above it. A Phalanx CIWS (Close-in Weapon System) was also added for self-defence. The torpedo tubes were retained, but the Limbo and Sea Sparrow systems were removed._NEWLINE_The modernization also replaced the original Pratt & Whitney FFT-12 cruise turbines with newer 12,788 shaft horsepower (9,536 kW) 570-KF engines from Allison. The speed remained the same, as weight had increased to 5,100 tons full load. The original split funnel was replaced by a simpler single funnel, giving the ship a reduced heat signature due to cooler engine exhaust.
O 13 ran into a fishing boat, HD 7, from Den Helder in the Schulpengat on 26 September 1933, sinking HD 7. With sister ship O 15, O 13 attended the Brussels International Exposition in 1935. Later that year O 13, with the Dutch vessels O 12, O 15, Hertog Hendrik, Van Ghent, Kortenaer and Z 5, sailed around the North Sea, stopping at Gothenburg and Oslo. In 1937 O 13 did convoy duty in the Strait of Gibraltar during the Spanish Civil War, along with Hertog Hendrik, Johan Maurits van Nassau, Nautilus, Java and O 15.
In 1996 she joined Ohio State University. She was elected a junior representative of the STAR experiment in 1998. Caines was appointed to Yale University in 2004. She studies the quark–gluon plasma, working alongside John Harris. She uses heavy-ion experiments to study quantum chromodynamics in extreme conditions. She studies the quark–gluon plasma. Her measurements indicated the quark–gluon plasma is the most vortical fluid ever known. In 2005 she became a council member of the STAR experiment advisory board. She investigated soft physics. She was elected a fellow of the Institute of Physics in 2008. She was promoted to Associate Professor with tenure in 2007._NEWLINE_She developed the STAR detector, a solenoidal tracker to measure hadronic particle production. She works on the Au-Au collisions at √sNN = 7.7 to 2760 GeV. They demonstrated that when two gold ions collide, negatively and positive charged particles flow out in a chiral magnetic effect. She also looks at the product of two colliding ruthenium ions, which creates a strong magnetic field. Along with Zhangbu Xu, Caines was appointed co-spokesperson for the STAR experiment in 2017. The STAR experiment is part of the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider at Brookhaven National Laboratory. _NEWLINE_She served as a member for the Nuclear Science Advisory Committee at the United States Department of Energy from 2016. She contributes to the United States Long Range Plan for Nuclear Physics. She has explored how artificial neural networks can be used to identify quark jets. She serves as a member of the American Physical Society Education Committee._NEWLINE_Caines taught a Being Human in STEM course at Yale University. The class examines how socioeconomic background, gender, race, religion and sexuality shape the STEM experience. The course was modelled on a similar program at Amherst College.
Cambodian art and the culture of Cambodia has had a rich and varied history dating back many centuries and has been heavily influenced by India. In turn, Cambodia greatly influenced Thailand, Laos and vice versa. Throughout Cambodia's long history, a major source of inspiration was from religion. Throughout nearly two millennium, a Cambodians developed a unique Khmer belief from the syncreticism of indigenous animistic beliefs and the Indian religions of Buddhism and Hinduism. Indian culture and civilization, including its language and arts reached mainland Southeast Asia around the 1st century CE. It is generally believed that seafaring merchants brought Indian customs and culture to ports along the gulf of Thailand and the Pacific while trading with China. The first state to benefit from this was Funan. At various times, Cambodia culture also absorbed elements from Javanese, Chinese, Lao, and Thai cultures.
Indonesian art and culture has been shaped by long interaction between original indigenous customs and multiple foreign influences. Indonesia is central along ancient trading routes between the Far East and the Middle East, resulting in many cultural practices being strongly influenced by a multitude of religions, including Hinduism, Buddhism, Confucianism and Islam, all strong in the major trading cities. The result is a complex cultural mixture very different from the original indigenous cultures._NEWLINE_Indonesia is not generally known for paintings, aside from the intricate and expressive Balinese paintings, which often express natural scenes and themes from the traditional dances._NEWLINE_Other exceptions include indigenous Kenyah paint designs based on, as commonly found among Austronesian cultures, endemic natural motifs such as ferns, trees, dogs, hornbills and human figures. These are still to be found decorating the walls of Kenyah Dayak longhouses in East Kalimantan's Apo Kayan region._NEWLINE_Indonesia has a long-he Bronze and Iron Ages, but the art-form particularly flourished from the 8th century to the 10th century, both as stand-alone works of art, and also incorporated into temples._NEWLINE_Most notable are the hundreds of meters of relief sculpture at the temple of Borobudur in central Java. Approximately two miles of exquisite relief sculpture tell the story of the life of Buddha and illustrate his teachings. The temple was originally home to 504 statues of the seated Buddha. This site, as with others in central Java, show a clear Indian influence._NEWLINE_Calligraphy, mostly based on the Qur'an, is often used as decoration as Islam forbids naturalistic depictions. Some foreign painters have also settled in Indonesia. Modern Indonesian painters use a wide variety of styles and themes.
Balinese art is art of Hindu-Javanese origin that grew from the work of artisans of the Majapahit Kingdom, with their expansion to Bali in the late 13th century. From the 16th until the 20th centuries, the village of Kamasan, Klungkung (East Bali), was the centre of classical Balinese art. During the first part of the 20th century, new varieties of Balinese art developed. Since the late twentieth century, Ubud and its neighboring villages established a reputation as the center of Balinese art. Ubud and Batuan are known for their paintings, Mas for their woodcarvings, Celuk for gold and silversmiths, and Batubulan for their stone carvings. Covarrubias describes Balinese art as, "... a highly developed, although informal Baroque folk art that combines the peasant liveliness with the refinement of classicism of Hinduistic Java, but free of the conservative prejudice and with a new vitality fired by the exuberance of the demonic spirit of the tropical primitive". Eiseman correctly pointed out that Balinese art is actually carved, painted, woven, and prepared into objects intended for everyday use rather than as object d 'art._NEWLINE_In the 1920s, with the arrival of many western artists, Bali became an artist enclave (as Tahiti was for Paul Gauguin) for avant-garde artists such as Walter Spies (German), Rudolf Bonnet (Dutch), Adrien-Jean Le Mayeur (Belgian), Arie Smit (Dutch) and Donald Friend (Australian) in more recent years. Most of these western artists had very little influence on the Balinese until the post-World War Two period, although some accounts over-emphasise the western presence at the expense of recognising Balinese creativity._NEWLINE_This groundbreaking period of creativity reached a peak in the late 1930s. A stream of famous visitors, including Charlie Chaplin and the anthropologists Gregory Bateson and Margaret Mead, encouraged the talented locals to create highly original works. During their stay in Bali in the mid-1930s, Bateson and Mead collected over 2000 paintings, predominantly from the village of Batuan, but also from the coastal village of Sanur._NEWLINE_Among western artists, Spies and Bonnet are often credited for the modernization of traditional Balinese paintings. From the 1950s onwards Baliese artists incorporated aspects of perspective and anatomy from these artists._NEWLINE_More importantly, they acted as agents of change by encouraging experimentation, and promoted departures from tradition. The result was an explosion of individual expression that increased the rate of change in Balinese art.
Filipino identity was born at the same time as its creation, Mainly from its Pre-Colonial/Pre-Philippines Cultures that merged with the influenced of the Colonizers and Chinese traders that melted and evolved to its own unique Classical Filipino Identity. Before the Philippines was born, It was a divided set of nations, islands and tribes being ruled by their own specific Social Kings, Chieftains, Lakans, Datus, Rajahs and Sultans.  Every nation has its own identity and some are even part of a larger Empire outside of the modern day map of what is now the Philippines, for example; Manila was once part of the Bruneian Empire. Another example is many parts of the modern day Mindanao is theorized to be part of the Majapahit empire with its capital being located in East Java in the modern day Indonesia. The Advent of the Colonial arrival to the islands started The modern day Philippines, as it was during that time that what is now a united islands of today now known as the Philippines was created. The Chinese influenced has been felt throughout Southeast Asia through trade, even before the Colonization of the region specifically Ming dynasty and other earlier dynasties as early as the 9th century. But it was during the Spanish colonization that modern day Chinese Filipino signature-mark on what is now the Philippines was developed. These cultures the melted from pre-colonial internal and external influence is very evident in the Pre-modern arts and tradition of the Philippines. Paintings of José Honorato Lozano has clear indication of East and West influence._NEWLINE_Kutkut art is another technique of combining ancient Oriental and European art process. Considered lost art and highly collectible art form. Very few known art pieces existed today. The technique was practiced by the indigenous people of Samar Island between early 1600 and late 1800 A.D. Kut-kut is an exotic Philippine art form based on early century techniques—sgraffito, encaustic and layering. The merging of these ancient styles produces a unique artwork characterized by delicate swirling interwoven lines, multi-layered texture and an illusion of three-dimensional space. The Filipino signature is also very evident in architecture. One famous examples of this is how the Philippines intentionally adapted the Baroque style of architecture which is famous in Europe at that time to the earthquake-prone environment of the Philippines with ornamentation portraying Philippine culture, environment and everyday life incorporating local motifs, for example; using things such as Banana leaves which is very common in the Philippines. This became known as the Filipino Baroque with the Earthquake Baroque being its famous variant that is present in the famous churches of the Philippines. Some Pre-Colonial art has made its way to the modern Filipino society especially in the Mindanao and other uncolonized parts of the Philippines one example of this is the Sarimanok symbolism on art.
Inori Aizawa is a personification of Internet Explorer. She was designed by Collateral Damage Studios, who wanted to create their own character after artist and producer Danny Choo posted an image featuring human equivalents of the Safari, Firefox, and Chrome web browsers. However, the initial design was little more than fan art. Though after Collateral Damage Studios jokingly asked Microsoft to "call them", a representative from Microsoft Asia-Pacific approached the company, and Inori was adopted as a mascot for Internet Explorer.  As stated by Microsoft, Inori was created by Microsoft Singapore for the Anime Festival Asia 2013 event, and is a part of the local marketing program for anime and Japanese popular culture at AFA 2013, as well as across Asia. However, she does not represent an official mascot for Internet Explorer. At the Festival, Inori was used to draw local attention to the new browser, as well as Windows Phone-powered Nokia phones and tablets. A Microsoft employee has claimed that Inori represents "a new way of looking at" Internet Explorer. The character is voiced by former Sea*A idol and anime song artist Valerie, who also made a cosplay appearance as Inori at Microsoft's marketing launch at AFA2013. Despite being featured on the official Internet Explorer YouTube channel, Microsoft has clarified that Inori Aizawa will not be used in marketing campaigns outside Asia, which includes the United States._NEWLINE_According to Collateral Damage Studios, the artists who created the character, "The concept that we wanted to go for with our IE-tan was ‘redemption", referencing the earlier, poorer versions of Internet Explorer. They compared the earlier versions of the browser to "a clumsy girl who tries to do too much. She is klutzy, nerdy ... someone that everyone would love to bully", and thus design elements were incorporated to reflect upon IE's transformation from an “ugly duckling” to a "slick and confident" browser. Regarding the character's name, Collateral Damage Studios commented that they chose "Aizawa" as she comes from the greater Microsoft family of anime personification characters, and "Inori" since "given what she represents, she could definitely use a prayer."  An advertisement featuring Inori was uploaded to Internet Explorer's YouTube channel for the Anime Festival Asia event. Microsoft had previously used similar anime characters in its marketing in Asia. This includes Hikaru Aizawa, whom Microsoft Taiwan has used to market Microsoft Silverlight since 2010, Nanami Madobe, the mascot of Windows 7, as well as Madobe Ai and Madobe Yuu, the mascots of Windows 8. To date, over 10 original characters have been used. However, all of these characters were inspired by the original OS-tans, personified operating systems that had their origins on Futaba Channel. Apart from the video, there is also a Facebook page devoted to the character, including a post on Inori's backstory, which, along with the video, is a metaphor for the development and evolution of Internet Explorer. Additionally, Inori features in a special edition of the latest version of the browser. Microsoft hopes that Inori may cause anime fans to return to the browser, due to Internet Explorer's declining popularity as well as the emergence of other browsers such as Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.
InstallShield was developed by The Stirling Group, a company founded in 1987 by Viresh Bhatia and Rick Harold, who had first met when they were computer science students at Northwestern University. Their first office was a small room in the basement of an old library building in Roselle, Illinois. They were to market a geographic mapping software, but it was never released.  By 1990 the company was selling a package of six products called the Shield Series.  In that year the company released the InstallShield product to developers._NEWLINE_In 1993 they moved into larger offices in Schaumburg, Illinois, and changed the company name to Stirling Technologies, Inc..  The product became particularly well known after Microsoft endorsed it for use in Windows 95, and by 1997 the company estimated that it was being used in 85 to 90 percent of all software products written for Windows.  Since 1996, the company operated under the InstallShield name until Macrovision acquired the business in 2004 for $76 million in cash plus a potential additional $20 million based on sales targets._NEWLINE_Limited feature releases of InstallShield were bundled with popular software development packages such as Microsoft Visual Studio 6.0 (InstallShield Professional 5.0), Borland Delphi 2.0–2006 (InstallShield Express 1–4) and Borland C++ Builder 1–6 (InstallShield Express 1–3.5)._NEWLINE_On April 1, 2008, the Macrovision Software Business Unit (including the InstallShield brand) was sold to private equity firm Thoma Cressey Bravo, forming a new company called Acresso Software Corporation. In October 2009, Acresso changed its name to Flexera Software.
In data mining, intention mining or intent mining is the problem of determining a user's intention from logs of his/her behavior in interaction with a computer system, such as in search engines, where there has been research on user intent or query intent prediction since 2002 (see Section 7.2.3 in ); and commercial intents expressed in social media posts . _NEWLINE__NEWLINE_The notion of intention mining has been introduced for the first time in the Ph.D. thesis of Dr. Ghazaleh Khodabandelou in 2014 , ._NEWLINE_This thesis presents a novel approach of process mining, called Map Miner Method (MMM). This method is designed to automate the construction of intentional process models from traces. MMM uses Hidden Markov Models to model the relationship between users' activities and the strategies (i.e., the different ways to fulfill the intentions). The method also includes some specific algorithms developed to infer users' intentions and construct intentional process model (Map), respectively. MMM models the intentions as an oriented graph (with different levels of granularity) in order to have a better understanding of the human way of thinking.
Jadavpur University has recently acquired the erstwhile National Instruments Limited (CSIR), becoming the first Indian university to acquire such a research unit. It is on a nine-acre plot opposite the main campus. After renovation, the new campus is expected to add much-needed space for new laboratories especially for the Departments of Electrical Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering, and Computer Science & Engineering. The NIL campus is to be connected to the main campus by a tunnel to bypass the traffic on the busy Raja S.C. Mullick Road. In 2013, Defence Research & Development Organisation (DRDO) announced plans to set up one of the country's biggest state-of-the-art research hubs and Advanced Technology Centre at the NIL campus. In the same year, CSIR announced the setting up of a research centre for big data analytics and an Inverted Innovation Centre alongside the research hub already announced by DRDO.
Jambaladiini is the birthplace of the great Vachana exponent Sri Pandit Siddarama Jambaladinni._NEWLINE_Paddy, Javar, Sunflower, Cotton are the primary crops farmers grow in this village.  Lands are irrigated through the channels from Tungabadra left bank canal._NEWLINE_It has ancient Hanuman temple at the center of village. It has educated young people like lawyers,engineers,doctors.
An initiative to establish the university was undertaken at a meeting of the Executive Committee of National Economic Commission (ECNEC) in February 2004. Former Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia laid the foundation stone of the university on 1 March 2005. At a function on 25 May 2007, organized to celebrate the birth anniversary of National Poet Kazi Nazrul Islam, Begum Khaleda Zia inaugurated the university._NEWLINE_The university was originally conceived to be the first culture-based university in Bangladesh, but the University Act of 2006 made it a general university with a special focus on liberal arts education and activities._NEWLINE_Mohammad Shamsur Rahman was the first vice-chancellor of JKKNIU. Its first batch consisted of 185 students. The academic programme of the university started effective from 3 June 2007 with three departments under the Faculty of Arts (Bengali Language & Literature, English Language & Literature, and Music) and the single department Computer Science and Engineering under the Faculty of Science and Engineering._NEWLINE_Two more departments were established the next year under two new faculties: the Department of Accounting and Information Systems under the Faculty of Business Administration and the Department of Economics under the Faculty of Social Science._NEWLINE_Two other departments were opened in the academic year 2009–2010 under two faculties: the Department of Finance and Banking under the Faculty of Business Administration and the Department of Fine Arts under the Faculty of Arts._NEWLINE_Four additional departments were established in the academic year 2010–11 under four existing faculties, i.e., the Department of Dramatics under the Faculty of Arts, Department of Electronics & Communication Engineering under the Faculty of Science & Engineering, Department of Public Administration under the Faculty of Social Sciences, and the Department of Human Resource Management under the Faculty of Business Administration.
John Sall was born in Rockford, Illinois, in 1948. He received a bachelor's degree in history from Beloit College in Beloit, Wisconsin. Sall felt he graduated into a weak job market, so he went to graduate school at Northern Illinois University, where he earned a master's degree in economics. It was at graduate school that Sall became interested in statistics and computer science. He went on to study graduate–level statistics at North Carolina State University, where he received an honorary doctorate in 2003.
Kaithapram made his entry into Malayalam cinema as a lyricist for the hit song "Devadundubhi Sandralayam" in the film Ennennum Kannettante directed by Fazil.  Since then he has written lyrics for more than 346 films. He has also acted in many films, including Swathithirunal, Aryan, His Highness Abdulla, and the film Theerthadanam, based on the story of famous Malayalam writer M.T. Vasudevan Nair.  He has played the character of a classical or semi-classical singer in most of the films. The songs from Desadanam, his first film as a music composer, were a hit.  The film Sopanam, directed by Shri Jayaraj, was based on a story and screenplay written by Kaithapram._NEWLINE_Kaithapram has established a cherished position in the Malayali heart with his beautiful yet simple artistic renderings. He has written both prose and poems and his books are also widely accepted. His appeal is closer to younger hearts and the success of 'Lajjavathiye…' has brought this aspect into fresh focus. His lyrics often express the deep love and regard that make the average Malayali home sick. He sings in public concerts and for various causes. He has won several awards as a lyricist. His charming and helpful attitude, readiness to help and ability to be one among the music lovers, have made him a legend in his own time. _NEWLINE_As a lyricist, Kaithapram made songs with almost all major music composers of his time. But, most of his popular songs were composed by Johnson. The duo made songs for around 35 films, and most of them have superhit songs. He also made numerous songs with Mohan Sithara, Raveendran, Ouseppachan, S. P. Venkatesh, Vidyasagar, Jassie Gift and so on._NEWLINE_Shri Kaithapram is also the Managing Trustee of Swathithirunal Kala Kendram (Music School) at Kozhikode, which caters to more than 400 music students.   He has received numerous awards from various government and cultural organisations in Kerala. He has popularised and promoted the application of music for therapeutic purposes through the Music Therapy Foundation. Many have benefited from the systematic music therapy sessions conducted all over Kerala._NEWLINE_In January 2017, he announced that he is dropping his caste name 'Namboothiri'. He took this decision in a programme held by DYFI. He said that he does not believe in caste, and there is no need for holding it in this era. He also requested never to use his caste name.
Legacy offers both Advanced Placement (AP) courses as well as dual credit courses partnered with John Brown University and LeTourneau University._NEWLINE_AP courses include: calculus, physics, chemistry, biology, Spanish, Latin, studio art, and computer science.  Dual credit courses include: college algebra, survey of calculus, English (composition and literary analysis & research), U.S. history, and computer science.
In 2003 the impending end of Microsoft's support for Windows NT 4.0 led Munich City Council to commission a report on choices for a successor for use on its office computers. The report yielded two main alternatives, either migration to Windows XP or a move to a free, open source operating system based on Linux with an accompanying emphasis on web browsers as OS-neutral application clients._NEWLINE_A majority of Council members voted for the Linux-based solution, which was dubbed LiMux, referencing the M on Munich vehicle registrations and MUC, the code of International Air Transport Association (IATA) for Munich airport._NEWLINE_On 16 May 2007, the TÜV confirmed by a comprehensive certification process, the usability of the LiMux-based client as a user interface for interactive computer systems according to the ISO standard 9241-110._NEWLINE_The migration was interrupted in the summer of 2004, because the city wanted to investigate the legal implications of software patents. In late 2006, the actual migration began._NEWLINE_A tool called Wollmux was developed to extend OpenOffice capabilities in areas required by Munich Council, including managing consistent letterheads, form templates, saved blocks of standard text, document versioning and merging. Wollmux was released in May 2008._NEWLINE_In May 2009, 1800 workstations were converted to Linux, and 12,000 received Open Office. By October 2013, the city of Munich had migrated over 15,000 desktop PCs (of about 18,000 desktops) to Linux and OpenOffice.org. The usability project group interviewed users regularly to achieve a good fit to the needs._NEWLINE_In 2014, Munich deputy mayor, Josef Schmid, and mayor, Dieter Reiter, considered going back to Windows due to alleged productivity problems. However, Stefan Hauf, the spokesman of the Munich city council stated that the majority of issues stem from compatibility issues in OpenOffice, something which could be solved by switching to LibreOffice. Moreover, the head of municipal IT services, Karl-Heinz Schneider, stated that most things were fine, and they had managed saved some 10 million euros (more than 13 million dollars). He emphasized that the number of complaints and malfunctions hadn't exceeded the usual level for an organization of this size. Microsoft had announced in 2013 its willingness to move its German headquarters to Munich in 2016, which according to Reiter though, is unrelated to the criticism they've presented against the LiMux project._NEWLINE_In November 2017 Munich city council decided to revert to Windows by 2020 replacing all systems with Windows 10 counterparts. Among the reasons cited were adoption and users unhappy with the limited software available for Linux. A report commissioned by Munich and undertaken by Accenture, found the most important issues were organizational with users complain of problems with printing, viewing and editing documents, unstable programs, poor usability and difficulty exchanging documents with outside parties._NEWLINE_In 2018, journalistic group Investigate Europe released a video documentary via German public television network ARD that claimed that the majority of city workers were satisfied with the operating system, with council members insinuating that the reversal was a personally motivated decision by lord mayor Dieter Reiter. Reiter denied that he had initiated the reversal in gratitude for Microsoft moving its German headquarters from Unterschleißheim back to Munich.
The main goal was to achieve more independence from software distributors. The decision in 2003 had two components: to get free software running on most desktops, and to buy and develop web-based and platform independent (e.g. Java-based) business applications. A core goal was to reduce reliance of Microsoft-based software stacks and fund local developers to write replacement software._NEWLINE_In November 2017 Munich city council decided to revert to Windows by 2020 with all systems being replaced by Windows 10 counterparts. Some of the reasons cited were adoption and users being unhappy with the lack of software available for Linux. A report commissioned by Munich and undertaken by Accenture, found the most important issues were organizational._NEWLINE_In 2018, journalistic group Investigate Europe released a video documentary via German public television network ARD, wherein it is claimed that the majority of city workers were satisfied with the operating system, with council members insinuating that the reversal was a personally motivated decision by lord mayor Dieter Reiter. Reiter denied that he had initiated the reversal in gratitude for Microsoft moving its German headquarters from Unterschleißheim back to Munich.
LiMux Client 4.0 was based on Ubuntu 10.04 LTS with KDE desktop 3.5. It included OpenOffice.org, Mozilla Thunderbird and Mozilla Firefox and other free software products._NEWLINE_LiMux Client version 5.0 was released in November 2014, based on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS with KDE SC 4.12 as the desktop. The default office suite was LibreOffice 4.1. Mozilla Firefox and Mozilla Thunderbird were included in their Extended Support Release versions._NEWLINE_In 2018, journalistic group Investigate Europe released a video documentary via German public television network ARD, wherein it is claimed that the majority of city workers were satisfied with the operating system, with council members insinuating that the reversal was a personally motivated decision by lord mayor Dieter Reiter. Reiter denied that he had initiated the reversal in gratitude for Microsoft moving its German headquarters from Unterschleißheim back to Munich.
One currently active field of research is the use of linear optics versus the use of nonlinear optics in quantum computing. For example, one model of linear optical quantum computing, the KLM model, is universal for quantum computing, and another model, the boson sampling-based model, is believed to be non-universal (for quantum computing) yet still seems to be able to solve some problems exponentially faster than a classical computer._NEWLINE_The specific nonlinear transformation , (called "a gate" when using computer science terminology) presented above, plays an important role in optical quantum computing: on the one hand, it is useful for deriving a universal set of gates, and on the other hand, with (only) linear-optical devices and post-selection of specific outcomes plus a feed-forward process, it can be applied with high success probability, and be used for obtaining universal linear-optical quantum computing, as done in the KLM model.
Comics historian Don Markstein said that Little Annie Fanny "reached a high point seldom achieved by cartoon art". Writing for his Don Markstein's Toonopedia website: "Harvey Kurtzman ... strove for most of his life to advance the boundaries of comics, not just in terms of storytelling but also in production values", concluding that Little Annie Fanny achieved at least the latter. About its venue he said, "Playboy magazine, whatever you may say about its content, always did a first-rate job of printing color pictures." According to comics commentators Randy Duncan and Matthew J. Smith, the series "reads today as an amusing look at the evolving mores of the sexual revolution". Comics editor Monte Beauchamp said that Little Annie Fanny was "the most elaborate comic strip ever created" and cartoonist-critic R. C. Harvey called it "a masterpiece ... the most lavish color comic strip of all time"._NEWLINE_Not all were as impressed. Noting that Kurtzman was financially strapped before making his living for twenty-six years from Playboy, historian Paul Buhle wrote: "The strip had many brilliant early moments, but went downhill as the writer and artist bent to editor Hugh Hefner's demands for as much titillation as possible." Cartoonist Art Spiegelman said that Little Annie Fanny devolved from the more interesting Goodman Beaver. Underground cartoonist Robert Crumb, whose career Kurtzman helped launch, scorned Playboy and Annie. Monty Python's Terry Gilliam, the former assistant editor of Help!, said that Little Annie Fanny was not as sharp as Kurtzman's earlier work: "technically brilliant but ... slightly compromised." Art agent and publisher Denis Kitchen, who handles Kurtzman and Eisner's estates, said that "most Kurtzman devotees would not consider Little Annie Fanny genius work ... [and] some would argue the opposite: that it was genius diluted or degraded". Kitchen placed the onus on Kurtzman's employer Hefner, who "was often a punctilious taskmaster with a heavy red pen who often had very different ideas about what was funny or satiric" and insisted that each strip "had to include Annie disrobing". Beauchamp agreed: "Unfortunately, Hefner was notorious for his heavy editorial hand." Duncan and Smith also agreed, and wrote that "humor sometimes mixes awkwardly with the loaded topics of the era, and some have found Annie's lack of character development and the requisite sexual hijinks an impediment to taking her seriously." However, they repeated their respect: "The eternally innocent Annie performed admirably as a nonjudgmental witness to the changing tides of the sexual revolution."
The MIC-1 is a processor architecture invented by Andrew S. Tanenbaum to use as a simple but complete example in his teaching book Structured Computer Organization._NEWLINE_It consists of a very simple control unit that runs microcode from a 512-words store._NEWLINE_The Micro-Assembly Language (MAL) is engineered to allow simple writing of an IJVM interpreter, and the source code for such an interpreter can be found in the book.
Marc has worked in the finance industry, at Banker's Trust, Credit Suisse First Boston, and Sanwa Bank. He then embarked on entrepreneurial ventures. He was co-founder and CEO of The Pit, Inc., which he successfully sold in 2001 to the then public Topps Company. He joined the Topps Company as the Chief Operating Officer of one of its subsidiaries, Wizkids, Inc._NEWLINE_In 2005, he and Vinit Bharara founded 1800DIAPERS, which would be rebranded as Diapers.com and fall under the parent corporation Quidsi, Inc. According to a 2009 interview, his vision for Diapers was inspired by his own family's experience with the difficulty of keeping necessary baby-care goods in stock. From 2005 to 2012 the company launched a portfolio of websites catering to families, including Soap.com and Wag.com. Lore and Bharara were successful in building a loyal customer base among young parents in urban areas. To improve the economics of shipping bulky, low-margin products like diapers to their customers, they established warehouses relatively close to urban areas to take advantage of ground shipping rates, instituted algorithms to minimize ship cost, and conducted warehouse operations using Kiva robots. The company was sold to Amazon in 2011 for $545 million. Lore then worked for Amazon for over two years.
As with many politically oriented internet sites, MIA has had problems with malicious attacks from online sources. Beginning in November 2006, the Marxists Internet Archive faced a number of serious denial-of-service attacks, attempting to exploit a misconfiguration in their server's operating system. By January 2007 the attacks had crippled much of the archive, and left volunteers with CPU issues. That the majority of systems involved in the attack were either in China or belonging to Chinese institutions led to speculation that the attacks may have been politically motivated and directed by the People's Republic of China. The severity of the attack, coupled with other hosting issues, led to the closure of the Marxists Internet Archive's main server and several of its mirrors for a number of weeks in February and March 2007. The problem was rectified.
Known with certainty only from Java and possibly from western Sumatra, Indonesia. Records of Megophrys montana outside this range (from Thailand southeast to Sumatra, Natuna Islands, Borneo, and the Philippines) apply to related named and unnamed species. They occur from near sea level up to at least 1,200 m (3,900 ft). Megophrys montana live on the forest floor in primary and secondary forests, and to some extent, plantations.
Landy attended college at Columbia University and earned a B.S. in 1974 in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. Subsequently, Landy went to the University of Michigan where he received a M.S. in 1976 and a Ph.D in 1981 in Computer and Communication Sciences. His doctoral research (conducted under the supervision of John Henry Holland) used neural network models of visual learning. After receiving his doctorate, he began working at New York University, where he subsequently became a faculty member in 1984.
Three serpentine inner tube slides. The Python has gradual curves that make it perfect for parents riding with small children. The Water Moccasin is a middle speed run that's also great for parents with small children. The King Cobra is the fastest of the rides on Snake Mountain.
The school admits students from all races without any discrimination as it believes that every person is born free and has right to education. The curriculum is based on the guidelines set by the Punjab School Education Board. The medium of instruction in the school is English. The students are taught three languages which are English, Punjabi and Hindi. The schools offers subjects like Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education, Agriculture, Computer Science, Environmental Science, Drawing etc.
The central (old) campus hosts the Rector’s office and the Administrative Board meeting room is located at 124 Mamaia Boulevard. Aside from the headquarters of the university the campus includes lecture halls and classrooms for the Faculties of Mathematics and Computer Science, Applied Sciences, Engineering, Arts, etc. Nearby, civil engineers conduct their activity at 27 Unirii Street, whereas psychologists and economists teach at 58 Ion Vodă Street.  Next to the headquarters is also the main university library, located at 126 Mamaia Boulevard._NEWLINE_The more recent north campus is situated at 1 University Alley, next to the Mamaia Lake and the summer resort of Mamaia.  Building A, completed in 1998, hosts the Senate Hall and classrooms used by Philology, Economics, Law, History and Theology students. Building B, built in 2008, is meant for Medicine and Life sciences, whereas the nearby Building C hosts Pharmacy and Dentistry students.  Other spaces belonging to the Faculty of Dentistry are situated downtown at 58 Ilarie Voronca Street, in a building refurbished in 2002.
The university offers bachelor's degrees in over 80 programs, master's degrees in over 70 programs and doctoral degrees in 8 fields of specialization._NEWLINE_At the moment bachelor's programs in English are offered in Medicine and Computer Science as well as in Cultural Studies.  Ovidius University of Constanta also offers PhD programs in English, French or Romanian._NEWLINE_As of 2014, most of the over 1100 international students come from Moldova, Israel, Turkey, Albania, United Kingdom, Republic of Macedonia, Morocco, India, Turkmenistan, South Africa, etc._NEWLINE_The international students who wish to pursue studies in programs whose teaching language is Romanian are asked to demonstrate their proficiency or to learn Romanian during a preparatory year. The candidates, who can formally prove that they have studied in Romanian for at least four years consecutively, do not need to pass the Romanian language test or to attend the preparatory year._NEWLINE_The number of students is about 15000._NEWLINE_Following the elections held in May 2014, the new Rector of Ovidius University of Constanta is Professor Sorin Rugina, a physician specialized in infectious diseases, former general manager of the Constanta Clinical Hospital for Infectious Diseases.  During the elections held in 2016 the mandate of Professor Rugina was renewed for a four-year term.
Party of the People of Free Indonesia (Indonesian: Partai Rakyat Indonesia Merdeka, PRIM) was a political party in Indonesia. The party was based amongst the Sundanese population in West Java. In the 1955 parliamentary election, PRIM got 72,523 votes (0.2% of the national vote). One parliamentarian was elected from the party. After the election the party joined the Fraction of Upholders of the Proclamation, a hetergenous parliamentary group with ten MPs.
At Princeton University from 1968 to 1972, he wrote his classic book, Operating Systems Principles, with E G Coffman.  He collaborated with Alfred Aho and Jeffrey Ullman on optimality proofs for paging algorithms and on a simple proof that compilers based on precedence parsing do not need to backtrack. At Purdue University (1972–1983) he supervised numerous PhD theses validating locality-based theories of memory management and extending the new mathematics of operational analysis of queueing networks.  He co-founded CSNET.  He became department head in 1979 and completed another book on computational models, Machines, Languages, and Computation, with Jack Dennis and Joe Qualitz._NEWLINE_At NASA Ames from 1983 to 1991 he founded the Research Institute for Advanced Computer Science (RIACS) and turned it into one of the first centers for interdisciplinary research in computational and space science._NEWLINE_At George Mason University from 1991 to 2002 he headed the Computer Science Department, was an associate dean and vice provost, and founded the Center for the New Engineer.  The Center was a pioneer in web-based learning. He created a design course for engineers, called Sense 21, which was the basis of his project to understand innovation as a skill.  He created a course on Core of Information, Technology the basis his Great Principles of Computing  project._NEWLINE_At Naval Postgraduate School since 2002 he heads the Computer Science Department, directs the Cebrowski Institute for Innovation and Information Superiority.  He chaired the faculty council._NEWLINE_Denning served continuously as a volunteer in Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) since 1967. In that time he served as president, vice president, three board chairs, Member-at-Large, Editor of ACM Computing Surveys, and Editor of the monthly ACM Communications.  He received seven ACM awards for service, technical contribution, and education.  ACM presented him with a special award in June 2007 recognizing 40 years of continuous service._NEWLINE_Denning has received 26 awards for service and technical contribution.  These include one quality customer service award, three professional society fellowships, three honorary degrees, six awards for technical contribution, six for distinguished service, and seven for education._NEWLINE_Denning's career has been a search for fundamental principles in subfields of computing. He writes prolifically. From 1980 to 1982 he wrote 24 columns as ACM President, focusing on technical and political issues of the field.  From 1985 to 1993 he wrote 47 columns on "The Science of Computing" for _NEWLINE_American Scientist magazine, focusing on scientific principles from across the field. Beginning in 2001 he has written quarterly "IT Profession" columns for Communications of the ACM, focusing on principles of value to practicing professionals.
In the early 1970s he collaborated with Ed Coffman, Jr., on Operating Systems Theory, which became a classic textbook used in graduate courses and stayed in print until 1995.  That book helped to erase doubts that the OS field could be approached as a science._NEWLINE_In the middle 1970s he collaborated with Jeffrey Buzen on operational analysis, extending Buzen's basic operational_NEWLINE_laws to deal with all queueing networks.  The operational framework explained why computer performance models work so well, even though violating the traditional stochastic Markovian assumptions.  It has become the preferred method for teaching performance prediction in computing courses._NEWLINE_In the early 1980s, he was one of the four founding Principal investigators of Computer Science Network, sponsored by the National Science Foundation  The other three were Dave Farber, Larry Landweber, and Tony Hearn.  They led the development of a fully self-supporting CS community network that by 1986 included 165 sites and 50,000 users.  CSNET was the key transitional stepping stone from the original ARPANET to the NSFNET and then the Internet.   In 2009, the Internet Society awarded CSNET its prestigious Jon Postel award, recognizing its key role in bridging from the ARPANET to NSFNET._NEWLINE_He led the ACM Digital Library project 1992-97, which went live in 1997.  The Association for Computing Machinery became the first professional society to offer a fully searchable library of everything it ever published.
Denning has been a major influence in computing education.  In the early 1970s he led a task force that designed the first core course on operating systems (OS) principles.  OS became the first non-math CS core course.  In the mid 1980s he led a joint ACM/IEEE committee that described computing as a discipline with nine_NEWLINE_functional areas and three cognitive processes, the basis of ACM Curriculum 1991.  In the 1990s he set out on a quest to codify the great principles of computing.  He maintains that computing is a science both of natural and artificial information processes.  NSF designated him a Distinguished Education Fellow in 2007 to launch a movement to use the Great Principles framework for innovations in education and research.  In 2009, ACM's SIGCSE (Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education) recognized his contributions with its lifetime service award.
In 2004, former MTV video jockey Adam Curry, in collaboration with Dave Winer – co-author of the RSS specification – is credited with coming up with the idea to automate the delivery and syncing of textual content to portable audio players._NEWLINE_Podcasting, once an obscure method of spreading audio information, has become a recognized medium for distributing audio content, whether for corporate or personal use. Podcasts are similar to radio programs in form, but they exist as audio files that can be played at a listener's convenience, anytime or anywhere._NEWLINE_The first application to make this process feasible was iPodderX, developed by August Trometer and Ray Slakinski. By 2007, audio podcasts were doing what was historically accomplished via radio broadcasts, which had been the source of radio talk shows and news programs since the 1930s. This shift occurred as a result of the evolution of internet capabilities along with increased consumer access to cheaper hardware and software for audio recording and editing._NEWLINE_In October 2003, Matt Schichter launched his weekly chat show The BackStage Pass. B.B. King, Third Eye Blind, Gavin DeGraw, The Beach Boys, and Jason Mraz were notable guests the first season. The hour long radio show was recorded live, transcoded to 16kbit/s audio for dial-up online streaming. Despite a lack of a commonly accepted identifying name for the medium at the time of its creation, The Backstage Pass which became known as Matt Schichter Interviews is commonly believed to be the first podcast to be published online._NEWLINE_In August 2004, Adam Curry launched his show Daily Source Code. It was a show focused on chronicling his everyday life, delivering news, and discussions about the development of podcasting, as well as promoting new and emerging podcasts. Curry published it in an attempt to gain traction in the development of what would come to be known as podcasting and as a means of testing the software outside of a lab setting. The name Daily Source Code was chosen in the hope that it would attract an audience with an interest in technology._NEWLINE_Daily Source Code started at a grassroots level of production and was initially directed at podcast developers. As its audience became interested in the format, these developers were inspired to create and produce their own projects and, as a result, they improved the code used to create podcasts. As more people learned how easy it was to produce podcasts, a community of pioneer podcasters quickly appeared._NEWLINE_In June 2005, Apple released iTunes 4.9 which added formal support for podcasts, thus negating the need to use a separate program in order to download and transfer them to a mobile device. While this made access to podcasts more convenient and widespread, it also effectively ended advancement of podcatchers by independent developers. Additionally, Apple issued cease and desist orders to many podcast application developers and service providers for using the term "iPod" or "Pod" in their products' names._NEWLINE_Within a year, many podcasts from public radio networks like the BBC, CBC Radio One, NPR, and Public Radio International placed many of their radio shows on the iTunes platform. In addition, major local radio stations like WNYC in New York City and WHYY-FM radio in Philadelphia, KCRW in Los Angeles placed their programs on their websites and later on the iTunes platform._NEWLINE_Concurrently, CNET, This Week in Tech, and later Bloomberg Radio, the Financial Times, and other for-profit companies provided podcast content, some using podcasting as their only distribution system._NEWLINE_As podcasting matured in the later 2010s, companies such as Facebook, General Electric, McDonald's, Microsoft, New Balance, Lyft, and Trader Joe's all created their own podcasts.
Naneghol is 180 kilometres (110 mi) from Mumbai, 140 kilometres (87 mi) from the district head office at Alibag, and 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) from the Tehsil office at Poladpur._NEWLINE_The village has three neighborhoods called Varche, Madhale, and Khalche Awhad. Recently, Katkar wadi National Tribes which is 2 km away from the village, was attached to the village._NEWLINE_The Pratapgad and Javali Forest are nearby. Mahabaleshwar is also very close to the village.
A pulsed rocket motor is typically defined as a multiple pulse solid-fuel rocket motor. This design overcomes the limitation of solid propellant motors that they cannot be easily shut down and reignited. The pulse rocket motor allows the motor to be burned in segments (or pulses) that burn until completion of that segment. The next segment (or pulse) can be ignited on command by either an onboard algorithm or in pre-planned phase. All of the segments are contained in a single rocket motor case as opposed to staged rocket motors._NEWLINE_The pulsed rocket motor is made by pouring each segment of propellant separately. Between each segment is a barrier that prevents the other segments from burning until ignited. At ignition of a second pulse the burning of the propellant generally destroys the barrier._NEWLINE_The benefit of the pulse rocket motor is that by the command ignition of the subsequent pulses, near optimal energy management of the propellant burn can be accomplished. Each pulse can have different thrust level, burn time, and achieved specific impulse depending on the type of propellant used, its burn rate, its grain design, and the current nozzle throat diameter.
The RC 4000 Multiprogramming System is historically notable for being the first attempt to break down an operating system into a group of interacting programs communicating via a message passing kernel. Although RC 4000 itself was not very successful it was nevertheless extremely influential, sparking the microkernel concept that dominated operating system research through the 1970s and 1980s. The system is also known as Monitor and, somewhat confusingly, simply RC 4000 depending on the reference. For clarity, this article will use the term Monitor._NEWLINE_Monitor was created largely by one programmer, Per Brinch Hansen, who worked at Regnecentralen where the RC 4000 was being designed. Leif Svalgaard participated in the implementation and testing of Monitor. Brinch Hansen found that no existing operating system was suited to the new machine, and was tired of having to adapt existing systems. He felt that a better solution was to build an underlying kernel, which he referred to as the nucleus, that could be used to build up an operating system from interacting programs. Unix, for instance, uses small interacting programs for many tasks, transferring data through a system known as pipes. However a large amount of fundamental code is buried in the kernel itself, notably things like file systems and program control. Monitor would remove this code as well, making almost the entire system a set of interacting programs, reducing the kernel (nucleus) to a communications and support system only._NEWLINE_Monitor used a pipe-like system of shared memory as the basis of its inter-process communications. Data to be sent from one process to another was copied into an empty memory buffer, and when the receiving program was ready, back out again. The buffer was then returned to the pool. Programs had a very simple API for passing data, using an asynchronous set of four methods. Client applications send data with send message and could optionally block using wait answer. Servers used a mirroring set of calls, wait message and send answer. Note that messages had an implicit "return path" for every message sent, making the semantics more like a remote procedure call than Mach's completely I/O-based system._NEWLINE_Monitor divided the application space in two; internal processes were the execution of traditional programs, started on request, while external processes were effectively device drivers. External processes were actually handled outside of user space by the nucleus, although they could be started and stopped just like any other program. Internal processes were started in the context of the "parent" that launched them, so each user could effectively build up their own operating system by starting and stopping programs in their own context._NEWLINE_Scheduling was left entirely to the programs, if required at all (in the 1960s, multitasking was a debatable feature). One user could start up a session in a pre-emptive multitasking environment, while another might start in a single-user mode to run batch processing at higher speed. Real-time scheduling could be supported by sending messages to a timer process that would only return at the appropriate time._NEWLINE_These two areas have seen the vast majority of development since Monitor's release, driving newer designs to use hardware to support messaging, and supporting threads within applications to reduce launch times. For instance, Mach required a memory management unit to improve messaging by using the copy-on-write protocol and mapping (instead of copying) data from process to process. Mach also used threading extensively, allowing the external programs, or servers in more modern terms, to easily start up new handlers for incoming requests. Still, Mach IPC was too slow to make the microkernel approach practically useful. This only changed when Liedtke L4 microkernel demonstrated an order-of-magnitude improvement in IPC overheads.
AMD Catalyst is being developed for Microsoft Windows and Linux. As of July 2014, other operating systems are not officially supported. This may be different for the AMD FirePro brand, which is based on identical hardware but features OpenGL-certified graphics device drivers._NEWLINE_AMD Catalyst supports all features advertised for the Radeon brand.
SIM Application Toolkit (STK) is a standard of the GSM system which enables the subscriber identity module (SIM card) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services. Similar standards exist for other network and card systems, with the USIM Application Toolkit (USAT) for USIMs used by newer-generation networks being an example. A more general name for this class of Java Card-based applications running on UICC cards is the Card Application Toolkit (CAT)._NEWLINE_The SIM Application Toolkit consists of a set of commands programmed into the SIM which define how the SIM should interact directly with the outside world and initiates commands independently of the handset and the network. This enables the SIM to build up an interactive exchange between a network application and the end user and access, or control access to, the network. The SIM also gives commands to the handset such as displaying menus and/or asking for user input._NEWLINE_STK has been deployed by many mobile operators around the world for many applications, often where a menu-based approach is required, such as Mobile Banking and content browsing. Designed as a single application environment, the STK can be started during the initial power up of the SIM card and is especially suited to low level applications with simple user interfaces._NEWLINE_In GSM networks, the SIM Application Toolkit is defined by the GSM 11.14 standard released in 2001._NEWLINE_From release 4 onwards, GSM 11.14 was replaced by 3GPP TS 31.111 which also includes the specifications of the USIM Application Toolkit for 3/4G networks.
FPU (x87) instructions provide higher precision by calculating intermediate results with 80 bits of precision, by default,  to minimise roundoff error in numerically unstable algorithms (see IEEE 754 design rationale and references therein).  However, the x87 FPU is a scalar unit only whereas SSE2 can process a small vector of operands in parallel._NEWLINE_If codes designed for x87 are ported to the lower precision double precision SSE2 floating point, certain combinations of math operations or input datasets can result in measurable numerical deviation, which can be an issue in reproducible scientific computations, e.g. if the calculation results must be compared against results generated from a different machine architecture. A related issue is that, historically, language standards and compilers had been inconsistent in their handling of the x87 80-bit registers implementing double extended precision variables, compared with the double and single precision formats implemented in SSE2: the rounding of extended precision intermediate values to double precision variables was not fully defined and was dependent  on implementation details such as when registers were spilled to memory.
SSE2 extends MMX instructions to operate on XMM registers. Therefore, it is possible to convert all existing MMX code to an SSE2 equivalent. Since an SSE2 register is twice as long as an MMX register, loop counters and memory access may need to be changed to accommodate this. However, 8 byte loads and stores to XMM are available, so this is not strictly required._NEWLINE_Although one SSE2 instruction can operate on twice as much data as an MMX instruction, performance might not increase significantly. Two major reasons are: accessing SSE2 data in memory not aligned to a 16-byte boundary can incur significant penalty, and the throughput of SSE2 instructions in older x86 implementations was half that for MMX instructions.  Intel addressed the first problem by adding an instruction in SSE3 to reduce the overhead of accessing unaligned data and improving the overall performance of misaligned loads, and the last problem by widening the execution engine in their Core microarchitecture in Core 2 Duo and later products._NEWLINE_Since MMX and x87 register files alias one another, using MMX will prevent x87 instructions from working as desired. Once MMX has been used, the programmer must use the emms instruction (C: _mm_empty()) to restore operation to the x87 register file.  On some operating systems, x87 is not used very much, but may still be used in some critical areas like pow() where the extra precision is needed. In such cases, the corrupt floating-point state caused by failure to emit emms may go undetected for millions of instructions before ultimately causing the floating-point routine to fail, returning NaN. Since the problem is not locally apparent in the MMX code, finding and correcting the bug can be very time consuming. As SSE2 does not have this problem, usually provides much better throughput and provides more registers in 64-bit code, it should be preferred for nearly all vectorization work.
When first introduced in 2000, SSE2 was not supported by software development tools. For example, to use SSE2 in a Microsoft Visual Studio project, the programmer had to either manually write inline-assembly or import object-code from an external source. Later the Visual C++ Processor Pack added SSE2 support to Visual C++ and MASM._NEWLINE_The Intel C++ Compiler can automatically generate SSE4, SSSE3, SSE3, SSE2, and SSE code without the use of hand-coded assembly._NEWLINE_Since GCC 3, GCC can automatically generate SSE/SSE2 scalar code when the target supports those instructions. Automatic vectorization for SSE/SSE2 has been added since GCC 4._NEWLINE_The Sun Studio Compiler Suite can also generate SSE2 instructions when the compiler flag -xvector=simd is used._NEWLINE_Since Microsoft Visual C++ 2012, the compiler option to generate SSE2 instructions is turned on by default.
The Sakai–Kasahara scheme, also known as the Sakai–Kasahara key encryption algorithm (SAKKE), is an identity-based encryption (IBE) system proposed by Ryuichi Sakai and Masao Kasahara in 2003. Alongside the Boneh–Franklin scheme, this is one of a small number of commercially implemented identity-based encryption schemes. It is an application of pairings over elliptic curves and finite fields. A security proof for the algorithm was produced in 2005 by Chen and Cheng. SAKKE is described in Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) RFC 6508._NEWLINE_As a specific method for identity-based encryption, the primary use case is to allow anyone to encrypt a message to a user when the sender only knows the public identity (e.g. email address) of the user. In this way, this scheme removes the requirement for users to share public certificates for the purpose of encryption.
This section is also divided into two subsections: "Computer Science & Engineering" and "Electrical Engineering". The first covers computer science and engineering, which includes, but is not limited to, artificial intelligence, compilers, computer architectures, computer dependability and security, computer networks and distributed systems, data management, design automation and configurable computing, digital signal processing, embedded systems, operating systems, processor and system architectures, real-time systems, soft computing, software engineering, theoretical computer science, verification, test and design for test._NEWLINE_The second subsection covers electrical engineering, which includes, but is not limited to, information theory, encryption secure communications, wireless communications, satellite and radar, control systems, quantum electronic devices, microelectronics, RF integrated circuits and systems, biomedical engineering and imaging, power electronics, energy management systems, photonics, nanophotonics, electromagnetic, antenna and propagation, optical networks and communications, communication theory, and data networks._NEWLINE_The subsection on electrical engineering has published special issues dedicated to the lifelong achievements of John G. Webster and Lotfi A. Zadeh. Transactions D is published biannually.
The term is specifically used in the context of shaders written in the RenderMan Shading Language (RSL) for use with  RenderMan-compliant renderers._NEWLINE_User-defined functions written in RSL are just referred to as "functions". Hence, use of the term mostly serves as a means to distinguish the latter type from built-in type functions._NEWLINE_RSL also allows for binary plugins written in  C to be loaded and treated like built-in shadeops. These are commonly referred to as  DSO shadeops. Two RenderMan implementations, 3Delight and PhotoRealistic RenderMan, have recently added new type in recent years called RSL plugin shadeop. This type uses a newer C++  API but otherwise can't be distinguished from the older type by a user, when called from within a shader.
The largest rivers in Slavonia are found along or near its borders—the Danube, Sava and Drava. The length of the Danube, flowing along the eastern border of Slavonia and through the cities of Vukovar and Ilok, is 188 kilometres (117 miles), and its main tributaries are the Drava 112-kilometre (70 mi) and the Vuka. The Drava discharges into the Danube near Aljmaš, east of Osijek, while mouth of the Vuka is located in Vukovar. Major tributaries of the Sava, flowing along the southern border of Slavonia and through cities of Slavonski Brod and Županja are 89-kilometre (55 mi) the Orljava flowing through Požega, and the Bosut—whose 151-kilometre (94 mi) course in Slavonia takes it through Vinkovci. There are no large lakes in Slavonia. The largest ones are Lake Kopačevo whose surface area varies between 1.5 and 3.5 square kilometres (0.58 and 1.35 square miles), and Borovik Reservoir covering 2.5 square kilometres (0.97 square miles). The Lake Kopačevo is connected to the Danube via Hulovski canal, situated within the Kopački Rit wetland, while the Lake Borovik is an artificial lake created in 1978 in the upper course of the Vuka River._NEWLINE_The entire Slavonia belongs to the Danube basin and the Black Sea catchment area, but it is divided in two sub-basins. One of those drains into the Sava—itself a Danube tributary—and the other into the Drava or directly into the Danube. The drainage divide between the two sub-basins runs along Papuk and Krndija mountains, in effect tracing the southern boundary of the Virovitica-Podravina County and the northern boundary of Požega-Slavonia County, cuts through the Osijek-Podravina County north of Đakovo and finally bisects the Vukovar-Syrmia County running between Vukovar and Vinkovci to reach Fruška Gora southwest of Ilok. The Entire Brod-Posavina County is located in the Sava sub-basin._NEWLINE_Most of Croatia, including Slavonia, has a moderately warm and rainy continental climate as defined by the Köppen climate classification. Mean annual temperature averages 10 to 12 °C (50 to 54 °F), with the warmest month, July, averaging just below 22 °C (72 °F). Temperature peaks are more pronounced in the continental areas—the lowest temperature of −27.8 °C (−18.0 °F) was recorded on 24 January 1963 in Slavonski Brod, and the highest temperature of 40.5 °C (104.9 °F) was recorded on 5 July 1950 in Đakovo. The least precipitation is recorded in the eastern parts of Slavonia at less than 700 millimetres (28 inches) per year, however in the latter case, it mostly occurs during the growing season. The western parts of Slavonia receive 900 to 1,000 millimetres (35 to 39 inches) precipitation. Low winter temperatures and the distribution of precipitation throughout the year normally result in snow cover, and freezing rivers—requiring use of icebreakers, and in extreme cases explosives, to maintain the flow of water and navigation. Slavonia receives more than 2,000 hours of sunshine per year on average. Prevailing winds are light to moderate, northeasterly and southwesterly.
The Soar architecture is maintained and extended by John Laird's research group at the University of Michigan. The current architecture is written in a combination of C and C++, and is freely available (BSD license) at the research group's website._NEWLINE_Soar can interface with external language environments including C++, Java, Tcl, and Python through the Soar Markup Language (SML). SML is a primary mechanism for creating instances of Soar agents and interacting with their I/O links._NEWLINE_JSoar is an implementation of Soar written in Java. It is maintained by SoarTech, an AI research and development company. JSoar closely follows the University of Michigan architecture implementation, although it generally does not reflect the latest developments and changes of that C/C++ version.
Beyond the education provided to students in residence, the school delivers outreach programs for middle schoolers in satellite locations statewide, as well as for rising 8th through 10th graders at its annual, residential summer program, GoSciTech. Students in Darlington County Schools also benefit from PULSE, a joint program with GSSM, and Coker College, funded by Sonoco._NEWLINE_GoSciTech, originally named Summer Science Program (SSP), began as a one-week program in 1990. As of 2012, the camp expanded to offer up to four weeks of courses and was renamed GoSciTech. In 2016, nearly 30 courses were offered to over 500 students._NEWLINE_Satellite camps include iTEAMS Xtreme and iTEAMS Xtreme: Next Generation, computer science, technology and robotics day camps. CREATEng, an engineering and design thinking day camp, was added in 2014. More than 1300 students and teachers from across the state participated in GSSM's summer outreach programs during the 2016 summer.
As a tribute to the Dead Parrot sketch, a short that features Cartman attempting to return a dead Kenny to a shop run by Kyle aired during a 1999 BBC television special commemorating the 30th anniversary of Monty Python's Flying Circus. South Park parodied Scientology in a short that aired as part of the 2000 MTV Movie Awards. The short was entitled "The Gauntlet" and also poked fun at John Travolta, a Scientologist. The four main characters were featured in the documentary film The Aristocrats, listening to Cartman tell his version of the film's titular joke. Short clips of Cartman introducing the starting lineup for the University of Colorado football team were featured during ABC's coverage of the 2007 matchup between the University of Colorado and the University of Nebraska. In 2008, Parker, as Cartman, gave answers to a Proust Questionnaire conducted by Julie Rovner of NPR. The Snakes & Arrows Tour for Rush in 2007 used an intro from Cartman, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny preceding "Tom Sawyer". As Parker, Stone and producer Frank Agnone are Los Angeles Kings fans, special South Park pre-game videos have been featured at Kings home games at Staples Center, and the club even sent the Stanley Cup to visit South Park Studios after winning the 2012 finals.  Parker and Stone have also created Denver Broncos and Denver Nuggets-themed shorts, featuring Cartman, for home games at Pepsi Center.
Speaker recognition is a pattern recognition problem. The various technologies used to process and store voice prints include frequency estimation, hidden Markov models, Gaussian mixture models, pattern matching algorithms, neural networks, matrix representation, vector quantization and decision trees. For comparing utterances against voice prints, more basic methods like cosine similarity are traditionally used for their simplicity and performance. Some systems also use "anti-speaker" techniques such as cohort models and world models. Spectral features are predominantly used in representing speaker characteristics. Linear predictive coding (LPC) is the most widely used speech coding method in speaker recognition and speech verification._NEWLINE_Ambient noise levels can impede both collections of the initial and subsequent voice samples. Noise reduction algorithms can be employed to improve accuracy, but incorrect application can have the opposite effect. Performance degradation can result from changes in behavioural attributes of the voice and from enrollment using one telephone and verification on another telephone. Integration with two-factor authentication products is expected to increase. Voice changes due to ageing may impact system performance over time. Some systems adapt the speaker models after each successful verification to capture such long-term changes in the voice, though there is debate regarding the overall security impact imposed by automated adaptation.
The college's Golden Jubilee celebrations took place during 1999-2000. A four-day cultural extravaganza to commemorate the Golden Jubilee was run. A first day postal cover was brought out as a token of gratitude to the founder, Sri Yerramilli Narayana Murthy._NEWLINE_A B Vajpayee, former Prime Minister of India, said "ever since it was founded in 1949, this college has made significant contribution by introducing vocational courses in Computer sciences, Electronics and Fisheries and offering courses like M.B.A and M.C.A which are the need of the hour. It is heartening that this college has been recognized by U.G.C as one of the lead colleges in Andhra University. PM wishes the Management, Faculty and the students all success in the coming years."_NEWLINE_K R Narayanan, former President of India  extended his "warm Greetings and felicitations to the students, teachers & staff and the Management and wished celebrations all success."
"Wozniak designed Apple’s first products, the Apple I and II computers and he helped design the Macintosh — because he wanted to use them and they didn’t exist." — CNBC retrospective_NEWLINE_"Everything I did at Apple that was an A+ job and that took us places, I had two things in my favor ... I had no money [and] I had had no training." —Steve Wozniak in 2010_NEWLINE_In 1976, Wozniak completed the Apple I design. He alone designed the hardware, circuit board designs, and operating system for the computer. Wozniak originally offered the design to HP while working there, but was denied by the company on five different occasions. Jobs instead had the idea to sell the Apple I with Wozniak as a fully assembled printed circuit board. Wozniak, at first skeptical, was later convinced by Jobs that even if they were not successful they could at least say to their grandchildren that they had had their own company. Together they sold some of their possessions (such as Wozniak's HP scientific calculator and Jobs's Volkswagen van), raised $1,300, and assembled the first boards in Jobs's bedroom and later (when there was no space left) in Jobs's garage. Wozniak's apartment in San Jose was filled with monitors, electronic devices, and some computer games Wozniak had developed. The Apple I sold for $666.66. Wozniak later said he had no idea about the relation between the number and the mark of the beast, and "I came up with [it] because I like repeating digits." Jobs and Wozniak sold their first 50 system boards to Paul Terrell, who was starting a new computer shop, called the Byte Shop, in Mountain View, California._NEWLINE_On April 1, 1976, Jobs and Wozniak formed Apple Computer (now called Apple Inc.) along with administrative supervisor Ronald Wayne, whose participation in the new venture was short lived. Wozniak resigned from his job at HP and became the vice president in charge of research and development at Apple. He and Jobs decided on the name "Apple" shortly after Jobs returned from an apple orchard in Oregon. The duo received substantial funding from a then-semi-retired Intel product marketing manager and engineer Mike Markkula. Wozniak's Apple I is similar to the Altair 8800, the first commercially available microcomputer, except the Apple I has no provision for internal expansion cards. With expansion cards the Altair can attach to a computer terminal and be programmed in BASIC. In contrast, the Apple I is a hobbyist machine. Wozniak's design includes a $25 CPU (MOS 6502) on a single circuit board with 256 bytes of ROM, 4K or 8K bytes of RAM, and a 40-character by 24-row display controller. Apple's first computer lacks a case, power supply, keyboard, and display—all components provided by the user._NEWLINE_After the success of the Apple I, Wozniak designed the Apple II, the first personal computer with the ability to display color graphics, and BASIC programming language built in. Inspired by "the technique Atari used to simulate colors on its first arcade games", Wozniak found a way of putting colors into the NTSC system by using a US$1 chip, while colors in the PAL system are achieved by "accident" when a dot occurs on a line, and he says that to this day he has no idea how it works. During the design stage, Steve Jobs argued that the Apple II should have two expansion slots, while Wozniak wanted eight. After a heated argument, during which Wozniak had threatened for Jobs to "go get himself another computer", they decided to go with eight slots. Jobs and Wozniak introduced the Apple II at the 1977 West Coast Computer Faire. Wozniak's first article about the Apple II was in Byte magazine in May 1977. It became one of the first highly successful mass-produced personal computers in the world._NEWLINE_In 1980, Apple went public to instant and significant financial profitability, making Jobs and Wozniak both millionaires. The Apple II's intended successor, the Apple III, released the same year, was a commercial failure and was discontinued in 1984. According to Wozniak, the Apple III "had 100 percent hardware failures", and that the primary reason for these failures was that the system was designed by Apple's marketing department, unlike Apple's previous engineering-driven projects._NEWLINE_During the early design and development phase of what would become the Macintosh, Wozniak had heavy influence over the project until 1981. In a 2013 interview, Wozniak said that "Steve [Jobs] really took over the project when I had a plane crash and wasn't there."
Later in 1981, after recovering from the plane crash, Wozniak enrolled back at UC Berkeley to complete his degree. Because his name was well known at this point, he enrolled under the name Rocky Raccoon Clark, which is the name listed on his diploma, although he did not officially receive his degree in electrical engineering and computer science until 1987._NEWLINE_In May 1982 and 1983, Wozniak, with help from professional concert promoter Bill Graham, founded the company Unuson, an abbreviation of "unite us in song", which sponsored two US Festivals, with "US" pronounced like the pronoun, not as initials. Initially intended to celebrate evolving technologies, the festivals ended up as a technology exposition and a rock festival as a combination of music, computers, television, and people. After losing several million dollars on the 1982 festival, he stated that unless the 1983 event turned a profit, he would end his involvement with rock festivals and get back to designing computers. Later that year, Wozniak returned to Apple product development, desiring no more of a role than that of an engineer and a motivational factor for the Apple workforce.
The SHARC is a Harvard architecture word-addressed VLIW processor; it knows nothing of 8-bit or 16-bit values since each address is used to point to a whole 32-bit word, not just an octet. It is thus neither little-endian nor big-endian, though a compiler may use either convention if it implements 64-bit data and/or some way to pack multiple 8-bit or 16-bit values into a single 32-bit word. Analog Devices chose to avoid the issue by using a 32-bit char in their C compiler._NEWLINE_The word size is 48-bit for instructions, 32-bit for integers and normal floating-point, and 40-bit for extended floating-point. Code and data are normally fetched from on-chip memory, which the user must split into regions of different word sizes as desired. Small data types may be stored in wider memory, simply wasting the extra space. A system that does not use 40-bit extended floating-point might divide the on-chip memory into two sections, a 48-bit one for code and a 32-bit one for everything else. Most memory-related CPU instructions can not access all the bits of 48-bit memory, but a special 48-bit register is provided for this purpose. The special 48-bit register may be accessed as a pair of smaller registers, allowing movement to and from the normal registers._NEWLINE_Off-chip memory can be used with the SHARC. This memory can only be configured for one single size. If the off-chip memory is configured as 32-bit words to avoid waste, then only the on-chip memory may be used for code execution and extended floating-point. Operating systems may use overlays to work around this problem, transferring 48-bit data to on-chip memory as needed for execution. A DMA engine is provided for this. True paging is impossible without an external MMU._NEWLINE_The SHARC has a 32-bit word-addressed address space. Depending on word size this is 16 GB, 20 GB, or 24 GB._NEWLINE_SHARC instructions may contain a 32-bit immediate operand. Instructions without this operand are generally able to perform two or more operations simultaneously. Many instructions are conditional, and may be preceded with "if condition " in the assembly language. There are a number of condition choices, similar to the choices provided by the x86 flags register._NEWLINE_There are two delay slots. After a jump, two instructions following the jump will normally be executed._NEWLINE_The SHARC processor has built-in support for loop control. Up to 6 levels may be used, avoiding the need for normal branching instructions and the normal bookkeeping related to loop exit._NEWLINE_The SHARC has two full sets of general-purpose registers. Code can instantly switch between them, allowing for fast context switches between an application and an OS or between two threads.
On 9 April 1940, Germany launched Operation Weserübung, an operation with the objective of simultaneously occupying Denmark and Norway, and to stage a coup d'état in Norway._NEWLINE_This move had several far-reaching consequences for Sweden. Sweden was in effect cut off from trade with the western world and therefore more dependent on German goodwill, ultimately leading to permittenttrafik. But it also lessened the immediate risk that Sweden would become a theater of war between the Axis and the Allies._NEWLINE_When Germany invaded both Denmark and Norway on April 9, 1940, the 100,000 Swedish soldiers who had been deployed along the Finnish border in northern Sweden were in the process of being demobilized, owing to the end of the Winter War there. Before the outbreak of hostilities, Sweden had had no plans for defending Norway or any defense strategy against a German invasion from the direction of Norway. Moreover, an agreement from the Dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905 stated that no fortification was allowed along this border. One of Germany's demands on Sweden, as Germany's invasion progressed, was that Sweden was not to mobilize. However, Sweden re-organized its system of mobilization to allow for personal order by letter to be made possible as an alternative to official proclamation, so that 320,000 men were able to be raised in a few weeks. This was called "The Organization" and was barely different from a full mobilization when completed. Sweden also started to build fortifications at the Norwegian border and along the coast of Scania._NEWLINE_During its invasion of Norway, Germany demanded access to the Swedish telephone and telegraph lines between Germany and Norway. Sweden allowed this, but tapped the lines. In the early summer of that year (1940) the Swedish mathematician Arne Beurling succeeded in deciphering and discovering the source codes of the Geheimfernschreiber cypher machine that Germany used, which afforded the Swedes advance knowledge of Germany's military intentions.  Although the British Plan R 4 had not been able to be carried out, Allied troops were swiftly sent to Norway and were able to fight alongside the Norwegians unsuccessfully against the German invaders. However, the success of the German campaign against France and the occupation of the Low Countries led to a British troop re-deployment and by June 8, 1940, British troops had been evacuated from Norway._NEWLINE_In his book Blodsporet ("The Blood Track"), Espen Eidum detailed how, at the request of Adolf Hitler, Nazi Germany sent three trains with 30 to 40 sealed carriages through Sweden to the battle of Narvik.  These trains ostensibly transported medical personnel and food for the wounded German soldiers in Narvik.  However, in reality there were 17 soldiers for every medical officer or orderly. Sweden knew that the trains were being used to transport troops because a Swedish representative in Berlin reported that he had watched them board.  The trains also transported heavy artillery, anti-aircraft guns, ammunition and communications and supply equipment.
Sweet potatoes are susceptible to a number of fungi, bacteria and viruses. Infection can cause the production of toxins, pathogenic bacteria, bitter flavours, tissue breakdown, and surface blemishes. Two common sources of infection are from Rhizopus oryzae (soft rot) and Botryodiplodia (Java black rot). These are responsible for 78% of sweet potato infections in Bangladesh. The pest of greatest concern for farmers is the sweet potato weevil (Cylas spp.). This can enter the tuber prior to harvesting and proliferate in storage and has been known to cause up to 50% loss in yields. Simple techniques can be used to minimize the threat of the sweet potato weevil. It has been shown that storage of the potatoes in temperatures under 20 °C (68 °F) can kill up to 89.5% of weevils in an infected crop. Dipping of tubers in hot water also been shown as an effective intervention to control infestations . Damage to tuber by physical and physiological means can increase chance of pathological infection and pests.
The first thing to do in solving a polynomial system is to decide if it is inconsistent, zero-dimensional or positive dimensional. This may be done by the computation of a Gröbner basis of the left-hand sides of the equations. The system is inconsistent if this Gröbner basis is reduced to 1. The system is zero-dimensional if, for every variable there is a leading monomial of some element of the Gröbner basis which is a pure power of this variable. For this test, the best monomial order is usually the graded reverse lexicographic one (grevlex)._NEWLINE_If the system is positive-dimensional, it has infinitely many solutions. It is thus not possible to enumerate them. It follows that, in this case, solving may only mean "finding a description of the solutions from which the relevant properties of the solutions are easy to extract". There is no commonly accepted such description. In fact there are many different "relevant properties", which involve almost every subfield of algebraic geometry._NEWLINE_A natural example of such a question positive-dimensional systems is the following: decide if a polynomial system over the rational numbers has a finite number of real solutions and compute them. A generalization of this question is find at least one solution in each connected component of the set of real solutions of a polynomial system.  The classical algorithm for solving these question is cylindrical algebraic decomposition, which has a doubly exponential computational complexity and therefore cannot be used in practice, except for very small examples._NEWLINE_For zero-dimensional systems, solving consists of computing all the solutions. There are two different ways of outputting the solutions. The most common, possible for real or complex solutions, consists of outputting numeric approximations of the solutions. Such a solution is called numeric. A solution is certified if it is provided with a bound on the error of the approximations which separates the different solutions._NEWLINE_The other way to represent the solutions is said to be algebraic. It uses the fact that, for a zero-dimensional system, the solutions belong to the algebraic closure of the field k of the coefficients of the system. There are several ways to represent the solution in an algebraic closure, which are discussed below. All of them allow one to compute a numerical approximation of the solutions by solving one or several univariate equations. For this computation, the representation involving the solving of only one univariate polynomial for each solution is preferable: computing the roots of a polynomial which has approximate coefficients is a highly unstable problem.
Bayler was born in Whanganui, the son of Amy (née Allomes) and Harold Bayler, a stagehand. His first film appearance was a starring role in New Zealand film Broken Barrier (1952). Bayler then spent the majority of his six-decade-long acting career in England, although he also appeared in 1981 New Zealand feature Pictures and BBC mini-series The Other Side of Paradise (1992), filmed partly in Raratonga._NEWLINE_Broken Barrier was the only locally made feature shot in New Zealand during the 1950s. Bayler starred as a young journalist who falls in love with a Māori woman. The film won healthy audiences in his home territory. It was directed by Roger Mirams and John O'Shea – O'Shea went on to direct the only New Zealand feature films made in the 60s, drama Runaway and musical Don't Let it Get You._NEWLINE_Bayler was given stitches above an eye after he was injured in a sword fight with actor Jon Finch (playing Macbeth) during the shooting of Roman Polanski's 1971 adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth. Bayler played Macduff._NEWLINE_Bayler's associations with Monty Python date from 1975, when he appeared in Eric Idle's BBC TV series Rutland Weekend Television. This led to his appearance as Leggy Mountbatten, manager of fictional Beatles-parody band The Rutles, in American-made TV movie All You Need Is Cash (1978). Idle also cast him in his play Pass the Butler._NEWLINE_He had a small role as Mr. Gregory in Monty Python's Life of Brian (1979), and appeared in two more of Python member Terry Gilliam's films, Time Bandits (1981) and Brazil (1985).
The first edition of The C++ Programming Language was published in 1985. As C++ evolved, a second edition was published in July 1991, reflecting the changes made._NEWLINE_The third edition of the book was first published on 30 June 1997; a hardcover version of the third edition, with two new appendices, was later published as The C++ Programming Language:  Special Edition on 11 February 2000. Both the softcover third edition and the hardcover “special edition” have since undergone several reprintings, with corrections._NEWLINE_C++ Solutions (ISBN 0-201-30965-3) is a companion book to the third edition of The C++ Programming Language. It contains solutions to selected exercises of The C++ Programming Language._NEWLINE_The fourth edition of the book, which incorporates C++11, was released on May 19, 2013.
The 53rd season of the Irish television programme, The Late Late Show, the world's longest-running chat show, began on 5 September 2014 and is expected to conclude in May 2015. Ryan Tubridy's sixth season as host, it airs on RTÉ One each Friday evening from 21:30._NEWLINE_Local guests this season included Bosco, Bono and The Edge, Tánaiste Joan Burton, Alan Shatter (months after his resignation as minister for justice), Des O'Malley, Francis Brennan, Liz O'Donnell, Micheál Martin and Dustin the Turkey. A panel debate on Irish Water in October was followed by an interview with Anti-Austerity Alliance TD Paul Murphy in February, after which Tubridy's style of questioning came in for much criticism. A trio of Gleesons (Brendan, Domhnall and Brian) were interviewed on the same night in December._NEWLINE_International guests interviewed this season included Eva Longoria, Alan Rickman, Dominic West, Ryan O'Neal, Russell Crowe and Richard E. Grant (the latter alongside Gabriel Byrne). English actors Michael Palin and John Cleese, both of the comedy troupe Monty Python, were interviewed over consecutive episodes in December._NEWLINE_The season closed with a dance special and a tribute by Giles, Brady and Dunphy to Bill O'Herlihy after his death earlier that week.
In December 1868 Hanbury employed as head gardener the botanist and garden designer Ludwig Winter, then 22 years old, who remained at La Mortola until 20 June 1875. From 1873 Hanbury also employed a curator of the gardens. The first of these was Gustave Rutschi, from 1873 to 1876. He was followed by Gustav Cronemeyer, compiler of the first published catalogue of 1889, curator from 1883 to 1892. When Cronemeyer died in 1892, Kurt Dinter took over and remained until his departure for German South-West Africa in 1897. From then until the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, Alwin Berger was curator._NEWLINE_The gardens received many visitors. Among these was Queen Victoria, in 1882; others included her son Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught with his wife Princess Louise Margaret of Prussia; his brother Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany; his sister Princess Beatrice; Princess Eugenie; King Albert of Saxony and Queen Carola; Prince Ernest of Saxe-Coburg; the then Prince of Naples; and Kuo Sung Tao, the first Qing dynasty minister to be accredited in Europe.
Trevor Bench-Capon (born 1953) is a British computer scientist and an Honorary Visiting Professor of computer science at the University of Liverpool, where he taught from 1987 until his retirement in 2012. He is the author of work on computer science and ontology and is one of the editors in chief of the Artificial Intelligence and Law Journal.
After reading Philosophy and Economics at St John's College, Oxford, Bench-Capon took the research degree of D. Phil at Oxford. He then worked in the policy and computer branches of the British Government's Department of Health and Social Security, after which he researched logic programming as applied to legislation at Imperial College London. Since 1987 he has been an academic in the Computer Science department of the University of Liverpool, first as lecturer, then from 1992 senior lecturer, from 1999 Reader, and from 2004 as Professor of Computer Science. With Kevin D. Ashley and Giovanni Sartor he is an editor in chief of the Artificial Intelligence and Law Journal._NEWLINE_Bench-Capon's interests are all aspects of advanced informatics systems, with a specialism in the application of such systems to law. He has been called "one of the world's recognised experts on AI and the law"._NEWLINE_In 1975 Bench-Capon was a member of the St John's College University Challenge team, and in 1978 he married Priscilla Bradley, who had represented St Anne's in the competition earlier that year. Their sons James and Michael appeared in the University Challenge teams of Clare College, Cambridge, and Oriel College, Oxford, in 2002 and 2003 respectively.
In computer programming languages, TypeParameter is a frequently used generic label used in templates to reference an unknown data type, data structure, or class. Templates are most frequently used in Java and C++. TypeParameter is similar to a metasyntactic variable (e.g., foo and bar), but distinct. It is not the name of a generic variable, but the name of a generic type of variable._NEWLINE_The capitalisation varies according to programming language and programmer preference. TypeParameter, Typeparameter, TYPEPARAMETER, typeparameter, and type_parameter are all possible. Alternate labels are also used, especially in complex templates where more than one type parameter is necessary. X, Y, Foo, Bar, Item, Thing are typical alternate labels. Many programming languages are case-sensitive, making a consistent choice of labels important. The CamelCase TypeParameter is one of the most commonly used.
After shakedown, Paul Jones joined the Atlantic Fleet for maneuvers, training, and coastal operations until transferred to the Pacific in 1923. She crossed the Pacific and joined the Asiatic Fleet in protecting American interest in the troubled Far East. Paul Jones participated in the Yangtze River Patrol and was assigned other patrol duties along the China coast, while making occasional voyages to and from Manila._NEWLINE_As flagship of Destroyer Squadron 29, Asiatic Fleet, she received the news of the attack on Pearl Harbor 8 December 1941, at Tarakan, Borneo, and immediately prepared for action. She got underway with Marblehead, Stewart, Barker, and Parrott for Makassar Strait and for the remainder of December acted as picket boat in the vicinity of Lombok Strait and Soerabaja Harbor, Java._NEWLINE_Her first war orders were to contact Dutch Naval Units for instructions pertaining to the search for a submarine in the Java Sea, which was reported to have sunk the Dutch vessel Langkoems, contact her survivors on Bawean Island and check the waters for additional survivors. Paul Jones was unable to make contact with the submarine, but rescued Dutch crewmen. On 9 January 1942, after a Japanese submarine had sunk a second Dutch merchantman, Paul Jones saved 101 men from drifting life-boats. With Van Ghent, she salvaged the abandoned U.S. Army cargo vessel Liberty, 12 January, and towed it safely to Tulamben, Bali. She joined a raiding group consisting of three other destroyers: John D. Ford, Pope, and Parrott, along with cruisers Marblehead and Boise, hoping to intercept a large enemy convoy heading southward toward Balikpapan. Boise retired early from the group because of a grounding mishap and Marblehead developed a faulty turbine forcing her to reduce speed and remain behind the destroyers to act as cover for withdrawal. The destroyers engaged the Japanese convoy and its screening warships the night of 23/24 January. Despite overwhelming odds, they came out of the fracas with only minor damage to John D. Ford. The enemy suffered losses from the torpedo attacks launched by the destroyers as they raced back and forth through the transport formation._NEWLINE_On 5 February Paul Jones rendezvoused with Tidore off Sumbawa Island to escort her to Timor. Shortly after they joined up, they were attacked by three separate groups of Japanese bombers. Paul Jones successfully dodged approximately 20 bombs, but Tidore was aground and a total loss. Fifteen crew members were picked up from a life boat, five were taken off the stricken vessel, and six more were gathered from the beaches. Paul Jones then steamed on to Java._NEWLINE_The American-British-Dutch-Australian Command (ABDA) commenced sweeps 24 February in search of enemy surface forces which might be attempting to make landings in the Java area, and to give what opposition they could to the Japanese advance. They encountered a Japanese covering force in the afternoon of 27 February and the Allies opened fire, beginning the Battle of the Java Sea. By 18:21, Paul Jones had expended her torpedoes. Dangerously low on fuel, she retreated to Soerabaja. The next morning Paul Jones and three other U.S. destroyers escaped encirclement by Japanese forces closing on all sides of Java, by hugging close to the shore line and laying smoke at high speed when sighted in the Bali Strait. Paul Jones and John D. Ford later escorted Black Hawk on to Fremantle, Australia, arriving 4 March._NEWLINE_Following repairs at Fremantle and Melbourne, Paul Jones sailed 12 May for San Francisco. She reached San Francisco 29 June and was assigned convoy escort duty between California and Pearl Harbor which continued until the end of March 1943._NEWLINE_Sailing in company with Parrott and Barker, Paul Jones departed San Francisco 30 March, transited the Panama Canal 6 May and reported to New York where she commenced convoy escort duty 28 May between North African ports and the U.S._NEWLINE_Convoy assignments were carried out until April 1944, when Paul Jones was assigned temporarily to antisubmarine (ASW) patrol seaward of Chesapeake Bay. She then made convoy runs to several United Kingdom ports before being assigned as training ship for newly commissioned submarines at Balboa, Panama Canal Zone, which commenced 9 November and terminated 6 April 1945, when she sailed for New York. She was next assigned to a task group consisting of oilers and destroyers serving as an at-sea terminus tanker group, for the purpose of refueling escorts of east and west bound convoys between Horta, Azores and Casablanca, French Morocco._NEWLINE_Paul Jones moored at Norfolk, Virginia 11 June, and was assigned as a plane guard destroyer for Lake Champlain, in which capacity she served until 4 August, when she sailed independently from Guantanamo Bay to return to Norfolk in preparation for inactivation. She was reclassified as a miscellaneous auxiliary (AG–120) as of 30 June 1945._NEWLINE_In October, she was stripped and assigned to the Commandant 5th Naval District for administrative purposes. She decommissioned 5 November 1945, was struck from the Naval Vessel Register 28 November 1945, and sold 5 October 1947 to the Northern Metal Company, Norfolk, which scrapped her in April 1948.
In 1999, Marc Fleury started a free software project named EJB-OSS (stands for Enterprise Java Bean Open Source Software) implementing the EJB API from J2EE (Java 2 Enterprise Edition). Sun Microsystems asked the project to stop using the trademarked EJB within its name. EJB-OSS was then renamed to JBOSS, then JBoss later.
X band functionality (8 to 12 GHz frequency range) is optimal for minimizing low-altitude propagation effects, narrow beam width for best tracking accuracy, wide frequency bandwidth for effective target discrimination, and the target illumination for SM-2 and Evolved Sea Sparrow Missiles (ESSM). The X-band has, in general, favorable low-altitude propagation characteristics, which readily support the horizon search functionality of the AN/SPY-3. A large operating bandwidth is required to mitigate large propagation variations due to meteorological conditions._NEWLINE_The system uses commercial off the shelf (COTS) computers and has reduced manning requirements for operation and maintenance. A number of operation and maintenance functions can be completely automated. Commercial IBM Regatta series symmetric multiprocessor (SMP) servers, ruggedized for the shipboard environment, provide the low-latency computing throughput (rapid sensor-to-shooter loop closure) and high productivity software engineering environment._NEWLINE_The AN/SPY-3 was originally to be combined with the S Band AN/SPY-4 under the designator "Dual Band Radar" on both the Zumwalt Class (DDG-1000) destroyer and Ford Class (CVN-78) aircraft carrier. On 2 June 2010, Pentagon acquisition chief Ashton Carter announced that they will be removing the SPY-4 S-band Volume Search Radar from the DDG 1000's dual-band radar to reduce costs as part of the Nunn-McCurdy certification process. Due to the SPY-4 removal, SPY-3 radar is to have software modifications so as to perform a volume search functionality. Shipboard operators will be able to optimize the SPY-3 MFR for either horizon search or volume search. While optimized for volume search, the horizon search capability is limited. Without the VSR, DDG-1000 is still expected to perform local area air defense.  The Ford Class aircraft carriers will be the only platforms to have both radars married in one system.
For example, integers are an ADT, defined as the values ..., −2, −1, 0, 1, 2, ..., and by the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, together with greater than, less than, etc., which behave according to familiar mathematics (with care for integer division), independently of how the integers are represented by the computer. Explicitly, "behavior" includes obeying various axioms (associativity and commutativity of addition etc.), and preconditions on operations (cannot divide by zero). Typically integers are represented in a data structure as binary numbers, most often as two's complement, but might be binary-coded decimal or in ones' complement, but the user is abstracted from the concrete choice of representation, and can simply use the data as data types._NEWLINE_An ADT consists not only of operations, but also of values of the underlying data and of constraints on the operations. An "interface" typically refers only to the operations, and perhaps some of the constraints on the operations, notably pre-conditions and post-conditions, but not other constraints, such as relations between the operations._NEWLINE_For example, an abstract stack, which is a last-in-first-out structure, could be defined by three operations: push, that inserts a data item onto the stack; pop, that removes a data item from it; and peek or top, that accesses a data item on top of the stack without removal. An abstract queue, which is a first-in-first-out structure, would also have three operations: enqueue, that inserts a data item into the queue; dequeue, that removes the first data item from it; and front, that accesses and serves the first data item in the queue. There would be no way of differentiating these two data types, unless a mathematical constraint is introduced that for a stack specifies that each pop always returns the most recently pushed item that has not been popped yet. When analyzing the efficiency of algorithms that use stacks, one may also specify that all operations take the same time no matter how many data items have been pushed into the stack, and that the stack uses a constant amount of storage for each element.
Abstract data types are purely theoretical entities, used (among other things) to simplify the description of abstract algorithms, to classify and evaluate data structures, and to formally describe the type systems of programming languages. However, an ADT may be implemented by specific data types or data structures, in many ways and in many programming languages; or described in a formal specification language. ADTs are often implemented as modules: the module's interface declares procedures that correspond to the ADT operations, sometimes with comments that describe the constraints. This information hiding strategy allows the implementation of the module to be changed without disturbing the client programs._NEWLINE_The term abstract data type can also be regarded as a generalized approach of a number of algebraic structures, such as lattices, groups, and rings. The notion of abstract data types is related to the concept of data abstraction, important in object-oriented programming and design by contract methodologies for software development.
In the philosophy of imperative programming languages, an abstract data structure is conceived as an entity that is mutable—meaning that it may be in different states at different times. Some operations may change the state of the ADT; therefore, the order in which operations are evaluated is important, and the same operation on the same entities may have different effects if executed at different times—just like the instructions of a computer, or the commands and procedures of an imperative language. To underscore this view, it is customary to say that the operations are executed or applied, rather than evaluated. The imperative style is often used when describing abstract algorithms. (See The Art of Computer Programming by Donald Knuth for more details)
Sometimes an ADT is defined as if only one instance of it existed during the execution of the algorithm, and all operations were applied to that instance, which is not explicitly notated. For example, the abstract stack above could have been defined with operations push(x) and pop(), that operate on the only existing stack. ADT definitions in this style can be easily rewritten to admit multiple coexisting instances of the ADT, by adding an explicit instance parameter (like S in the previous example) to every operation that uses or modifies the implicit instance._NEWLINE_On the other hand, some ADTs cannot be meaningfully defined without assuming multiple instances. This is the case when a single operation takes two distinct instances of the ADT as parameters. For an example, consider augmenting the definition of the abstract stack with an operation compare(S, T) that checks whether the stacks S and T contain the same items in the same order.
Aside from the behavior in terms of axioms, it is also possible to include, in the definition of an ADT operation, their algorithmic complexity. Alexander Stepanov, designer of the C++ Standard Template Library, included complexity guarantees in the STL specification, arguing:_NEWLINE_The reason for introducing the notion of abstract data types was to allow interchangeable software modules. You cannot have interchangeable modules unless these modules share similar complexity behavior. If I replace one module with another module with the same functional behavior but with different complexity tradeoffs, the user of this code will be unpleasantly surprised. I could tell him anything I like about data abstraction, and he still would not want to use the code. Complexity assertions have to be part of the interface._NEWLINE_— Alexander Stepanov
Implementing an ADT means providing one procedure or function for each abstract operation. The ADT instances are represented by some concrete data structure that is manipulated by those procedures, according to the ADT's specifications._NEWLINE_Usually there are many ways to implement the same ADT, using several different concrete data structures. Thus, for example, an abstract stack can be implemented by a linked list or by an array._NEWLINE_In order to prevent clients from depending on the implementation, an ADT is often packaged as an opaque data type in one or more modules, whose interface contains only the signature (number and types of the parameters and results) of the operations. The implementation of the module—namely, the bodies of the procedures and the concrete data structure used—can then be hidden from most clients of the module. This makes it possible to change the implementation without affecting the clients. If the implementation is exposed, it is known instead as a transparent data type._NEWLINE_When implementing an ADT, each instance (in imperative-style definitions) or each state (in functional-style definitions) is usually represented by a handle of some sort._NEWLINE_Modern object-oriented languages, such as C++ and Java, support a form of abstract data types. When a class is used as a type, it is an abstract type that refers to a hidden representation. In this model an ADT is typically implemented as a class, and each instance of the ADT is usually an object of that class. The module's interface typically declares the constructors as ordinary procedures, and most of the other ADT operations as methods of that class. However, such an approach does not easily encapsulate multiple representational variants found in an ADT. It also can undermine the extensibility of object-oriented programs._NEWLINE_In a pure object-oriented program that uses interfaces as types, types refer to behaviors not representations.
The Sultanate of Aceh was established by Sultan Ali Mughayat Syah in 1511._NEWLINE_In 1584–88 the Bishop of Malacca, D. João Ribeiro Gaio, based on information provided by a former captive called Diogo Gil, wrote the "Roteiro das Cousas do Achem" (Lisboa 1997) – a description of the Sultanate._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Later, during its golden era, in the 17th century, its territory and political influence expanded as far as Satun in southern Thailand, Johor in Malay Peninsula, and Siak in what is today the province of Riau. As was the case with most non-Javan pre-colonial states, Acehnese power expanded outward by sea rather than inland. As it expanded down the Sumatran coast, its main competitors were Johor and Portuguese Malacca on the other side of the Straits of Malacca. It was this seaborne trade focus that saw Aceh rely on rice imports from north Java rather than develop self sufficiency in rice production._NEWLINE_After the Portuguese occupation of Malacca in 1511, many Islamic traders passing the Malacca Straits shifted their trade to Banda Aceh and increased the Acehnese rulers' wealth. During the reign of Sultan Iskandar Muda in the 17th century, Aceh's influence extended to most of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula. Aceh allied itself with the Ottoman Empire and the Dutch East India Company in their struggle against the Portuguese and the Johor Sultanate. Acehnese military power waned gradually thereafter, and Aceh ceded its territory of Pariaman in Sumatra to the Dutch in the 18th century._NEWLINE_By the early nineteenth century, however, Aceh had become an increasingly influential power due to its strategic location for controlling regional trade. In the 1820s it was the producer of over half the world's supply of black pepper. The pepper trade produced new wealth for the Sultanate and for the rulers of many smaller nearby ports that had been under Aceh's control, but were now able to assert more independence. These changes initially threatened Aceh's integrity, but a new sultan Tuanku Ibrahim, who controlled the kingdom from 1838 to 1870, reasserted power over nearby ports._NEWLINE_Under the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1824 the British ceded their colonial possessions on Sumatra to the Dutch. In the treaty, the British described Aceh as one of their possessions, although they had no actual control over the Sultanate. Initially, under the agreement the Dutch agreed to respect Aceh's independence. In 1871, however, the British dropped previous opposition to a Dutch invasion of Aceh, possibly to prevent France or the United States from gaining a foothold in the region. Although neither the Dutch nor the British knew the specifics, there had been rumors since the 1850s that Aceh had been in communication with the rulers of France and of the Ottoman Empire.
During the 1970s, under an agreement with the Indonesian central government, American oil and gas companies began exploitation of Aceh natural resources. Alleged unequal distribution of profits between central government and the native people of Aceh induced Dr. Hasan Muhammad di Tiro, former ambassador of Darul Islam, to call for an independent Aceh. He proclaimed independence in 1976._NEWLINE_The movement had a small number of followers initially, and Dr. Hasan Muhammad di Tiro himself had to live in exile in Sweden. Meanwhile, the province followed Suharto's policy of economic development and industrialization. During the late 1980s several security incidents prompted the Indonesian central government to take repressive measures and to send troops to Aceh. Human rights abuse was rampant for the next decade, resulting in many grievances on the part of the Acehnese toward the Indonesian central government. In 1990, the Indonesian government initiated military operations against GAM by deploying more than 12.000 Indonesian army in the region._NEWLINE_During the late 1990s, chaos in Java and an ineffective central government gave an advantage to the Free Aceh Movement and resulted in the second phase of the rebellion, this time with large support from the Acehnese people. This support was demonstrated during the 1999 plebiscite in Banda Aceh which was attended by nearly half a million people (of four million population of the province). Indonesian central government responded in 2001 by broadening Aceh's autonomy, giving its government the right to apply Sharia law more broadly and the right to receive direct foreign investment. This was again accompanied by repressive measures, however, and in 2003 an offensive began and a state of emergency was proclaimed in the Province. The war was still going on when the tsunami disaster of 2004 struck the province.
The Active Platform strategy started to take shape after the cancellation of another Microsoft project, Blackbird, and as challenges were developing from Microsoft's competitors. Blackbird promised to make web applications function more like those users were accustomed to on the desktop, by using distributed OLE (Object Linking and Embedding) rather than HTML markup. The project was soon scrapped, after Microsoft realized that there were performance problems and it became clear that HTML was gaining in popularity. Meanwhile, Netscape, Sun, Oracle and IBM (referred to as the "Gang of Four") proposed turning Java into a similar type of distributed object platform that would form the basis of an Internet OS which could compete with Windows. Such an OS would rely on web applications that were run through a browser and constructed using Java software components._NEWLINE_In response, Microsoft announced the Active Platform at their SiteBuilder conference in October 1996. ActiveDesktop at first was promised by Microsoft to run on any operating system, but only appeared in Windows, first through the Internet Explorer 4.0 release, and later in Windows 98. Active Server was based on IIS 3.0 and included Active Server Pages, the Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM), Microsoft Transaction Server, and a new message queuing-based middleware. ActiveX was based on a number of technologies Microsoft had already developed for Windows. ActiveX controls were OLE based controls that could be embedded in web pages, applications, and on the desktop._NEWLINE_ActiveX became strongly criticized for security problems, and Microsoft later abandoned further development in favor of the .NET Framework. ActiveDesktop was never widely used and disappeared in newer versions of Windows, the concept only later being readopted in the Windows Sidebar, which was added as a response to the Dashboard feature in Apple's OS X. ActiveServer was later harmonized with the .NET platform and a revamped version of ASP became known as ASP.NET._NEWLINE_The Active Platform strategy became the center of a United States anti-trust suit against Microsoft.
Alan Eppes is the amiable and kind father of Charlie and Don Eppes, and is particularly protective of his younger son, Charlie. He is a widower and retired city planner, and in "Waste Not", Charlie refers to him as an engineer. He keeps busy by getting involved in the personal lives and careers of his sons as well as volunteering for causes he believes in. It makes him proud to see his competitive sons working together. He knows their best friends and colleagues, most of whom address him respectfully as "Mr Eppes". Also in Season 2, in episode "Protest", Eppes reveals that he was also an anti-war activist thirty five years ago, alongside Matthew "Matt" Stirling, the leader of the movement and accused in the ROTC center bombing. Don's superior in FBI also reveals Alan was a "Leader" Eppes, involved in anti-national activities, which Alan vehemently denies._NEWLINE_Alan worries about his sons being able to settle down and have a family, especially given their problems in maintaining relationships with women for extended periods of time. Recently he had been on his first date since his wife's death, with a caterer he was fond of, and has once more taken up work, investing in a consulting firm with Stan Fisher, which is related to "all his years in urban infrastructure."_NEWLINE_He has been dating Dr. Mildred "Millie" Finch, Chair of the CalSci Physics, Mathematics, and Astronomy Division. When he is being sued by neighboring residents of a tennis court because of its disruptive lighting he designed, the relationship proves invaluable as Alan even overcomes the problem involving his new job venture with the aid of Millie, who helps Alan to discover that he is blameless. She also notes where Charlie gets his interest in numbers after overlooking Alan's engineering analysis of the lighting system ("End of Watch"). He later makes a bet with her whether they can go without consumer products._NEWLINE_For much of the first two seasons, his wife's name was never mentioned in the show, though she was referred to on the set as Margaret. He met Margaret when she was working for a tenants' rights organization and he was working for a housing developer. They had been married for thirty-five years and their marriage was a happy one, though they hid marital tension from their children. Alan held onto his wife's clothes, which he hid in the garage, despite Don helping him pack it six months before. When Charlie showed concern, he told him it was none of his business. Don confronted him as well, but both were criticized for giving advice as unmarried men and Mr. Eppes finally decided to get rid of the clothing on his own. After Charlie found a musical composition for the piano by his mother under her maiden name, Margaret Mann, in the Eppes garage, Alan revealed to his sons their mother's talent with classical music and her training in Vienna. He was astonished when his son noticed that some of her other compositions were dated after the birth of their children as he thought she had put her music work aside for her law career to help the family. Alan has seen his wife (JoBeth Williams) in a dream at the same time as Charlie._NEWLINE_Alan volunteered his son's house for Valerie Eng's (a girl Don and Charlie both liked during high school) wedding, toiled over coordinating every detail, and assigned the seating arrangement to Charlie, who created a mathematical algorithm for it, though Charlie didn't overall seem too enthusiastic about it. He claimed that since he never had a daughter, this would be his chance to make amends._NEWLINE_Alan has considered moving out of his son's house in order to live alone (something he has not done in forty years) and accomplish things on his own, but was rather hesitant to tell Charlie. He was shocked when his son seemed fine with it. Don tried to persuade him to take a place next to a tennis court, as his eldest son is fond of the game. Alan finally decided against moving, since he favors his sons' company over being alone. He wants a new staircase to his room. Moreover, he wants Charlie to be more responsible in maintaining the house and be able to have a family. After giving Charlie a hard time about his chores, he seemed to grasp Charlie's situation more fully after a comparison to Einstein's. More predicaments in his living arrangements are revealed when a break-in at his precious Craftsman home causes him grief ("Pandora's Box"). Initially he is agitated by Charlie's renovations to the home._NEWLINE_Like Don, he enjoys baseball. He has attempted to persuade Charlie to take up golf like him, delighted that he can at least teach his brilliant son something. He sometimes works on puzzles to occupy his time when not busy, continuing his wife's hobby and allowing time for conversing with Charlie's colleagues, Larry Fleinhardt and Amita Ramanujan, over pizza. He also enjoys an occasional game of chess with Larry and was surprised at his friend for his love interest in Megan Reeves and his nomadic lifestyle. Before he was with his wife he was often a "rail bird" at the horse races._NEWLINE_His recent involvement in his sons' lives has been extended to aiding the FBI more frequently with his expertise in urban planning ("Under Pressure") and traffic engineering ("Money for Nothing"). Don at first was adverse to his father getting involved with his line of work, but Alan asked him to show more respect. He provides further help to Don with his knowledge of an elevator system in "Chinese Box"._NEWLINE_Alan is auditing a mechanical engineering class at CalSci for fun, but Charlie is disappointed that he could not interest him in advanced mathematics after all these years ("Velocity"). Alan being on campus has Charlie note the similarity of the situation to that of Back to School. Being very busy, Charlie fails in helping to teach his father the engineering material, as all he does is solve the thermodynamic problem set from this class for him. Alan seems disappointed. Since then, Charlie has made notes to help him more later, and feels that this will make up for all the times missed with his father getting to help him with homework. On the other hand, Alan recalls all the dioramas he created with him._NEWLINE_At the beginning of season five, Alan encourages Charlie to fight for his clearance._NEWLINE_An old park that he and Margaret designed becomes scheduled to be torn down.  Alan first begins to protest city hall's decision.  After looking at the plans, Alan decides that the new park would be better.  He later finds that CalSci has agreed to let him design a new mechanical engineering building._NEWLINE_He overhears a conversation between Don and Larry about Don going to temple.  He later offers to help Don with the prayers._NEWLINE_David and Colby turn to Alan to referee an argument about the JFK assassination.  Alan tells them that he and a group of friends decided to look into it but could not reach a decision themselves._NEWLINE_Alan forms a bond with his sons' girlfriends.  First, Robin comes to the house to talk about her failing the victim after a jury fails to convict a murder suspect ("Guilt Trip").  Then, Amita tells him that she enjoys her times with Alan.  They even briefly discuss whether Charlie would propose to her.  Don entering the garage interrupts their conversation._NEWLINE_To satisfy a lab requirement, Alan looks for another lab class.  Charlie and Larry agree to be his new lab bosses._NEWLINE_Amita and Larry ask Alan about joining their think tank.  Charlie and Alan both initially oppose the idea, especially since Alan thought that he had taught Charlie everything he knows when Charlie was seven.  Alan eventually agrees to join the think tank and enthusiastically participates._NEWLINE_When Don is stabbed, Alan goes and stays at the hospital.  He sends Charlie back to work on the case, telling him that Don would want that.  He comforts Robin and tells her about Don's birth.  Later during one of Charlie's visits to see Don, Alan tells Charlie to set his priorities.  Alan is present in Don's room when Don wakes up._NEWLINE_At the start of season six, while offering David a chance to vent any frustrations about his promotion, Alan hints at a change in his financial status.  Later, he tells Charlie that he has lost money in his 401ks when his investment did not increase as promised by his investor.  Charlie analyzes Alan's finances and realizes that Alan cannot use the remaining money to finance his retirement.  He offers to help Alan financially, but Alan rebuffs.  Don talks Alan into allowing Charlie's assistance.  As a result, Alan decides to return to work and asks Charlie to teach him some new computer skills. He is hired by a design firm even without CAD capability.  At the end of season six, Alan begins to search for apartments after Charlie and Amita's wedding.  Charlie and Amita decide to convert the garage into a guesthouse so that he could live near them.  He begins to design his new living space.
When the condition  fₛ/2 >  f   is met for the highest frequency component of the original signal, then it is met for all the frequency components, a condition called the Nyquist criterion. That is typically approximated by filtering the original signal to attenuate high frequency components before it is sampled. These attenuated high frequency components still generate low-frequency aliases, but typically at low enough amplitudes that they do not cause problems. A filter chosen in anticipation of a certain sample frequency is called an anti-aliasing filter._NEWLINE_The filtered signal can subsequently be reconstructed, by interpolation algorithms, without significant additional distortion.  Most sampled signals are not simply stored and reconstructed.  But the fidelity of a theoretical reconstruction (via the Whittaker–Shannon interpolation formula) is a customary measure of the effectiveness of sampling.
In 2001, on end-of-support and end-of-life of the game, Rebellion Developments released the game's source code and tools to public to allow the game community further support of the game. Following the source code release, the game was unofficially ported to Linux and hosted at icculus.org in 2001 and Xbox in 2009. Also an unofficial patch project for the PC version exists, based on the source code.
He earned his PhD (candidate of sciences, his adviser was Nikolai Aleksandrovich Shanin) in 1967 from the Leningrad Department of Steklov Institute of Mathematics, and his Doctor of Science (higher doctorate) in 1981 from the Steklov Institute of Mathematics in Moscow._NEWLINE_During 1963–1981 he was with the Leningrad Department of Steklov Institute of Mathematics of the USSR Academy of Sciences (LOMI). From 1967 till 1992 he headed the Leningrad Seminar on Computational Complexity that played an important role in the development of this field in the Soviet Union._NEWLINE_During 1981–1993 he was the head of Laboratory of Theory of Algorithms at the Leningrad Institute for Informatics and Automation of the USSR Academy of Sciences. From 1993 until 2009 he was a full professor of the University Paris-Est Créteil(UPEC), France, and since 2009 he remains professor emeritus of this university. At UPEC he was the head (and in a way a founder) of Laboratory for Algorithmics Complexity and Logic (LACL) that he headed from 1997 until 2007._NEWLINE_In 1981–1987 he was a part-time professor of the Leningrad Polytechnical Institute, and during 1988–1992 he was a professor and head of the Department of Computer Science at Leningrad State University, Faculty of Mathematics and Mechanics, whose creation he initiated (the teams of the Department were world champions of ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest four times). Many mathematicians (among them Yuri Matiyasevich, Dima Grigoriev, E.Hirsch) started their research in his seminars for students._NEWLINE_A. Slissenko was invited as a speaker at many conferences, in particular at International Congress of Mathematicians in 1983, in Warsaw, Poland.
Among his results one can mention a six-head one-tape Turing machine that recognizes palindromes in real-time, an algorithm (for a kind of pointer machine) that solves in real-time a large variety of string-matching problems (including finding of all periodicities in a compact form), Slissenko graph-grammars (that describe classes of NP-hard problems solvable in polytime), decidable classes of verification of hard-real-time controllers, algorithms for constructing shortest paths among semi-algebraic obstacles, and entropy-like concepts for analysis of algorithms and inference systems._NEWLINE_He collaborated with N.Shanin, S.Maslov, G.Mints and V.Orevkov on automatic theorem proving, and with D.Beauquier D.Grigoriev, D.Burago, A.Rabinovich, P. Vasilyev and others on some algorithmic problems, see.
Broder was born in Bucharest, Romania, in 1953. His parents were medical doctors, his father a noted oncological surgeon. They emigrated to Israel in 1973, when Broder was in the second year of college in Romania, in the Electronics department at the Bucharest Polytechnic. He was accepted at Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, in the EE Department. Broder graduated from Technion in 1977, with a B.Sc. summa cum laude. He was then admitted to the PhD program at Stanford, where he initially planned to work in the systems area. His first adviser was Prof. John L. Hennessy. After receiving a "high pass" at the reputedly hard algorithms qual, Prof. Donald Knuth, already a Turing Award and National Medal winner, offered him the opportunity to become his advisee. Broder finished his PhD under Don Knuth in 1985. He then joined the newly founded DEC Systems Research Center in Palo Alto. At DEC SRC, Andrei was involved with AltaVista from the very beginning, helping it deal with duplicate documents and spam. When AltaVista split from Compaq that bought DEC, Andrei became its CTO and then chief scientist and VP of research. In 2002, he joined IBM Research in New York to build its enterprise search product. In 2005, he returned to Silicon Valley and the Web Industry, as a Yahoo Fellow and vice president. There, he put the bases of a new discipline, Computational advertising, the science of matching ads to users and contexts. At Yahoo, Broder also helped build Yahoo! Research into one of the leading Web research organizations. In 2012, Broder joined Google as a distinguished scientist, where he switched focus to another aspect of the WWW experience, large-scale personalization.
In 1989, he discovered (independently from David Aldous) an algorithm for generating a uniform spanning tree of a given graph._NEWLINE_Over the last fifteen years, Broder pioneered several algorithms systems and concepts fundamental to the science and technology of the WWW. Some of the highlights include: In 1997, Broder led the development of the first practical solution for finding near-duplicate documents on web-scale using "shingling" to reduce the problem to a set-intersection problem and "min-hashing" or to construct "sketches" of sets. This was a pioneering effort in the area of locality-sensitive hashing. In 1998, he co-invented the first practical test to prevent robots from masquerading as human and access web sites, often referred to as CAPTCHA. In 2000, Broder, then at AltaVista, together with colleagues from IBM and DEC SRC, conducted the first large-scale analysis of the Web graph, and identified the bow-tie model of the web graph. Around 2001–2002, Broder published an opinion piece where he qualified the differences between classical information retrieval and Web search and introduced a now widely accepted classification of web queries into navigational, information, and transactional.
The A9 features an Apple-designed 64-bit 1.85 GHz ARMv8-A dual-core CPU called Twister. The A9 in the iPhone 6S has 2 GB of LPDDR4 RAM included in the package. The A9 has a per-core L1 cache of 64 KB for data and 64 KB for instructions, an L2 cache of 3 MB shared by both CPU cores, and a 4 MB L3 cache that services the entire SoC and acts as a victim cache. The A9 also features a custom PowerVR Series7XT GPU, featuring 6x custom shader cores and compiler from Apple._NEWLINE_The A9 includes a new image processor, a feature originally introduced in the A5 and last updated in the A7, with better temporal and spatial noise reduction as well as improved local tone mapping.  The A9 directly integrates an embedded M9 motion coprocessor, a feature originally introduced with the A7 as a separate chip.  In addition to servicing the accelerometer, gyroscope, compass, and barometer, the M9 coprocessor can recognize Siri voice commands. The A9 adds hardware decoding for HEIF and 8-bit and 10-bit HEVC._NEWLINE_The A9 features a custom storage solution, which uses an Apple-designed NVMe-based controller that communicates over a PCIe connection. The iPhone 6s' NAND design is more akin to a PC-class SSD than embedded flash memory common on mobile devices. This gives the phone a significant storage performance advantage over competitors which often use eMMC or UFS to connect to their flash memory.
With the outbreak of war in September 1939, 145th Field Regiment, RA was mobilised at Newbury and assigned to 61st Infantry Division.  Field regiments were organised in 1938 into two 12-gun batteries. The experience of the BEF in France 1940 showed the problem with this organisation: field regiments were intended to support an infantry brigade of three battalions. This could not be managed without severe disruption to the regiment. As a result, field regiments were reorganised into three 8-gun batteries.  The third battery (509) was formed in the regiment at Antrim on 14 January 1941.  It gained its subtitle, initially as 145th Field Regiment, RA (Buckinghamshire and Berkshire Yeomanry) (TA) from 17 February 1942, amended on 12 May 1942 to 145th Field Regiment, RA (Berkshire Yeomanry) (TA)._NEWLINE_The regiment remained in the UK for most of the war, only moving to India in February 1945. There, it was successively assigned to 39th Indian Division at Dehra Dun, 36th British Infantry Division at Poona, 26th Indian Infantry Division at Bangalore, and 25th Indian Infantry Division at Cocanada. Post war, it moved to Malaya and Java. The regiment was placed in suspended animation in ALFSEA on 1 June 1946.
Devices made under BlackBerry Mobile will continue to be shipped running Android, along with security software, provided by BlackBerry Limited. This suite of software includes DTEK, BlackBerry Messenger, and BlackBerry Hub. Also, the software has a "secure boot" at start-up, to ensure that the Android system has not been tampered with. Many of these features are comparable to those from BlackBerry 10, BlackBerry Ltd's former flagship operating system.
CA Gen is a Computer Aided Software Engineering (CASE) application development environment marketed by CA Technologies. Gen was previously known as IEF (Information Engineering Facility), Composer by IEF, Composer, COOL:Gen, Advantage:Gen and AllFusion Gen._NEWLINE_The toolset originally supported the information technology engineering methodology developed by Clive Finkelstein, James Martin and others in the early 1980s. Early versions supported IBM's DB2 database, 3270 'block mode' screens and generated COBOL code._NEWLINE_In the intervening years the toolset has been expanded to support additional development techniques such as component-based development; creation of client/server and web applications and generation of C, Java and C#. In addition, other platforms are now supported such as many variants of *ix-like Operating Systems (AIX, HP-UX, Solaris, Linux) as well as Windows._NEWLINE_Its range of supported database technologies have widened to include ORACLE, Microsoft SQL Server, ODBC, JDBC as well as the original DB2._NEWLINE_The toolset is fully integrated - objects identified during analysis carry forward into design without redefinition. All information is stored in a repository (central encyclopedia). The encyclopedia allows for large team development - controlling access so that multiple developers may not change the same object simultaneously.
It was initially produced by Texas Instruments, with input from James Martin and his consultancy firm James Martin Associates, and was based on the Information Engineering Methodology (IEM). The first version was launched in 1987._NEWLINE_IEF became popular among large government departments and public utilities. It initially supported a CICS/COBOL/DB2 target environment.  However, it now supports a wider range of relational databases and operating systems. IEF was intended to shield the developer from the complexities of building complete multi-tier cross-platform applications._NEWLINE_In 1995, Texas Instruments decided to change their marketing focus for the product. Part of this change included a new name - "Composer"._NEWLINE_By 1996, IEF had become a popular tool. However, it was criticized by some IT professionals for being too restrictive, as well as for having a high per-workstation cost ($15K USD). But it is claimed that IEF reduces development time and costs by removing complexity and allowing rapid development of large scale enterprise transaction processing systems._NEWLINE_In 1997, Composer had another change of branding, Texas Instruments sold the Texas Instruments Software division, including the Composer rights, to Sterling Software. Sterling software changed the well known name "Information Engineering Facility" to "COOL:Gen". COOL was an acronym for "Common Object Oriented Language" - despite the fact that there was little object orientation in the product._NEWLINE_In 2000, Sterling Software was acquired by Computer Associates (now CA). CA has rebranded the product three times to date and the product is still used widely today. Under CA, recent releases of the tool added support for the CA-Datacom DBMS, the Linux operating system, C# code generation and ASP.NET web clients. The current version is known as CA Gen - version 8 being released in May 2010, with support for customised web services, and more of the toolset being based around the Eclipse framework._NEWLINE_There are a variety of "add-on" tools available for CA Gen, including Project Phoenix from Jumar - a collection of software tools and services focused on the modernisation and re-platforming of existing/legacy CA Gen applications to new environments, GuardIEn - a Configuration Management and Developer Productivity Suite, QAT Wizard, an interview style wizard that takes advantage of the meta model in Gen, products for multi-platform application reporting and XML/SOAP enabling of Gen applications., and developer productivity tools such as Access Gen, APMConnect, QA Console and Upgrade Console from Response Systems _NEWLINE_Recently CA GEN has released its latest version 8.5.
Canting (Javanese: canthing, IPA:tʃanʈiŋ, sometimes spelled with old Dutch orthography tjanting) is a pen-like tool used to apply liquid hot wax (Javanese: malam) in the batik-making process, more precisely batik tulis (lit. "written batik"). Traditional canting consists of copper wax-container with small pipe spout and bamboo handle. Traditional canting is made of copper, bronze, zinc or iron material, however modern version might use teflon.
G. P. Rouffaer reported that the gringsing batik pattern was already known by the 12th century in Kediri, East Java. He concluded that this delicate pattern could only be created by the canting, an etching tool that holds a small reservoir of hot wax. He proposed that the canting was invented in Java around that time.
Clinical Trial Portals can facilitate the distribution and tracking of safety reports (MedWatch, CIOMS, etc.) to study sites, IRBs and Ethics Committees in a secure environment. These applications use sophisticated algorithms to ensure the safety reports are distributed to the correct users.
CodeSignal was founded in 2014  by Tigran Sloyan, Aram Shatakhtsyan, and Felix Desroches. The idea for CodeSignal was developed from Sloyan and Shatakhtsyan’s experiences of participating in international coding and mathematics competitions including the International Olympiad in Informatics and Mathematics. Sloyan even used this concept of a game-based teaching platform for his Computer Science master’s thesis at MIT, but abandoned the idea to work in established Silicon Valley companies including Oracle, Google, and Premise (backed by Google Ventures)._NEWLINE_CodeSignal first launched with challenges only for JavaScript and were based on "code battles", a 3-minute person versus person competition to determine who can more quickly and accurately debug existing code. Before each game, players can either choose to race against the clock, or let CodeSignal automatically match them with other online players to complete the challenge head-to-head. Successful challengers level up and earn badges towards language fluency. Even though players are first presented with short challenges that take only a few minutes to solve, each challenge increases in difficulty and the amount of time given to solve the problem._NEWLINE_Soon, CodeSignal expanded to support Java, C++ and Python challenges. Today, CodeSignal supports 38 programming languages and has also expanded to include more types of challenges, interview practice, and access to companies with open software engineering positions._NEWLINE_Even though CodeSignal launched as a platform to help users learn and improve their coding skills, CodeSignal has also taken on changing recruiting all together. CodeFight’s main goal is to help programmers get hired based on their skills, not their resume.
Interview Practice is the newest and most popular mode on CodeSignal for Developers. This mode first launched in beta in February 2017, and then launched the expanded the version in June 2017. The Interview Practice game mode is specifically targeted towards job seekers who are preparing for engineering technical interviews. Developers can use Interview Practice to solve real interview questions, master key computer science topics, and learn by reviewing solutions provided within the community.
The usefulness of a particular voting system can be severely limited if it takes a very long time to calculate the winner of an election. Therefore, it is important to design fast algorithms that can evaluate a voting rule when given ballots as input. As is common in computational complexity theory, an algorithm is thought to be efficient if it takes polynomial time. Many popular voting rules can be evaluated in polynomial time in a straightforward way (i.e., counting), such as the Borda count, approval voting, or the plurality rule. For rules such as the Schulze method or ranked pairs, more sophisticated algorithms can be used to show polynomial runtime. Certain voting systems, however, are computationally difficult to evaluate. In particular, winner determination for the Kemeny-Young method, Dodgson's method, and Young's method are all NP-hard problems. This has led to the development of approximation algorithms and fixed-parameter tractable algorithms to improve the theoretical calculation of such problems.
Customary law is a recognized source of law within jurisdictions of the civil law tradition, where it may be subordinate to both statutes and regulations. In addressing custom as a source of law within the civil law tradition, John Henry Merryman notes that, though the attention it is given in scholarly works is great, its importance is "slight and decreasing". On the other hand, in many countries around the world, one or more types of customary law continue to exist side by side with official law, a condition referred to as legal pluralism (see List of national legal systems)._NEWLINE_In the canon law of the Catholic Church, custom is a source of law. Canonical jurisprudence, however, differs from Civil law jurisprudence in requiring the express or implied consent of the legislator for a custom to obtain the force of law._NEWLINE_In the Common Law of England, "Long usage" must be established._NEWLINE_It is a broad principle of property law that, if something has gone on for a long time without objection, whether it be using a right of way or occupying land to which one has no title, the law will eventually recognise the fact and give the person doing it the legal right to continue._NEWLINE_It is known in case law as "customary rights". Something which has been practised since time immemorial by reference to a particular locality may acquire the legal status of a custom, which is a form of local law.The legal criteria defining a custom are precise.  The most common claim in recent times, is for customary rights to moor a vessel._NEWLINE_The mooring must have been in continuous use for "Time Immemorial" which is  defined by legal precedent as 12 years (or 20 years for Crown Land) for the same purpose by people using them for that purpose._NEWLINE_To give two examples: A custom of mooring which might have been established in past times for over two hundred years by the fishing fleet of local inhabitants of a coastal community will not simply transfer so as to benefit present day recreational boat owners who may hail from much further afield._NEWLINE_Whereas a group of houseboats on a mooring that has been in continuous use for the last 25 years _NEWLINE_with a mixture of owner occupiers and rented houseboats, may clearly continue to be used by houseboats, where the owners live in the same town or city._NEWLINE_Both the purpose of the moorings and the class of persons benefited by the custom must have been clear and consistent._NEWLINE_In Canada, customary aboriginal law has a constitutional foundation and for this reason has increasing influence._NEWLINE_In the Scandinavian countries customary law continues to exist and has great influence. _NEWLINE_Customary law is also used in some Third World countries, such as those in Africa, usually used alongside common or civil law. For example, in Ethiopia, despite the adoption of legal codes based on civil law in the 1950s according to Dolores Donovan and Getachew Assefa there are more than 60 systems of customary law currently in force, "some of them operating quite independently of the formal state legal system". They offer two reasons for the relative autonomy of these customary law systems: one is that the Ethiopian government lacks sufficient resources to enforce its legal system to every corner of Ethiopia; the other is that the Ethiopian government has made a commitment to preserve these customary systems within its boundaries._NEWLINE_In 1995, President of Kyrgyzstan Askar Akaev announced a decree to revitalize the aqsaqal courts of village elders. The courts would have jurisdiction over property, torts and family law. The aqsaqal courts were eventually included under Article 92 of the Kyrgyz constitution. As of 2006, there were approximately 1,000 aqsaqal courts throughout Kyrgyzstan, including in the capital of Bishkek. Akaev linked the development of these courts to the rekindling of Kyrgyz national identity. In a 2005 speech, he connected the courts back to the country's nomadic past and extolled how the courts expressed the Kyrgyz ability of self-governance. Similar aqsaqal courts exist, with varying levels of legal formality, in other countries of Central Asia._NEWLINE_The Somali people in the Horn of Africa follow a customary law system referred to as Xeer. It survives to a significant degree everywhere in Somalia and in the Somali communities in the Ogaden. Economist Peter Leeson attributes the increase in economic activity since the fall of the Siad Barre administration to the security in life, liberty and property provided by Xeer in large parts of Somalia. The Dutch attorney Michael van Notten also draws upon his experience as a legal expert in his comprehensive study on Xeer, The Law of the Somalis: A Stable Foundation for Economic Development in the Horn of Africa (2005)._NEWLINE_In India many customs are accepted by law. For example, Hindu marriage ceremonies are recognized by the Hindu Marriage Act._NEWLINE_In Indonesia, customary adat laws of the country's various indigenous ethnicities are recognized, and customary dispute resolution is recognized in Papua. Indonesian adat law are mainly divided into 19 circles, namely Aceh, Gayo, Alas, and Batak, Minangkabau, South Sumatra, the Malay regions, Bangka and Belitung, Kalimantan, Minahasa, Gorontalo, Toraja, South Sulawesi, Ternate, the Molluccas, Papua, Timor, Bali and Lombok, Central and East Java including the island of Madura, Sunda, and the Javanese monarchies, including the Yogyakarta Sultanate, Surakarta Sunanate, and the Pakualaman and Mangkunegaran princely states.
This toad is known from rocky hillocks and outcrops of Bangalore in Karnataka, Hosur, Gingee and Javadi Hills in Tamil Nadu, Chittoor, Nellore, Visakhapatnam and Nagarjuna Sagar Dam in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. (It was previously mistaken to be found in the Western Ghats).
Primary education begins at around age 5 for the majority of Nigerians. Students spend six years in primary school and graduate with a school-leaving certificate. Subjects taught at the primary level include mathematics, English language, Christian Religious Knowledge, Islamic knowledge studies, agricultural science, home economics and one of the three main indigenous languages and cultures: Hausa-Fulani, Yoruba, and Igbo. Private schools also offer computer science, French, and Fine Arts. Primary school students are required to take a Common Entrance Examination to qualify for admission into the Federal and State Government Secondary schools, as well as private ones._NEWLINE_Before 1976, education policy was still largely shaped by the colonial policy of the British Colonial Period. In 1976, the Universal Primary Education program was established.  This program faced many difficulties and was subsequently revised in 1981 and 1990. The Universal Basic Education, UBE, came as a replacement of the Universal Primary Education and intended to enhance the success of the first nine years of schooling  The UBE involves 6 years of Primary School education and 3 years of Junior Secondary School education, culminating in 9 years of uninterrupted schooling, and transition from one class to another is automatic but determined through continuous assessment. This scheme is monitored by the Universal Basic Education Commission, UBEC, and has made it "free", "compulsory" and a right of every child._NEWLINE_Therefore, the UBEC law section 15 defines UBE as early childhood care and education. The law stipulates a 9-year formal schooling, adult literacy and non-formal education, skill acquisition programs, and the education of special groups such as nomads and migrants, girl child and women, Al-majiri, street children and disabled people (Aderinoye, 2007).
Maguire was born in South London, but most of her childhood was spent in Cambridge, England. She grew up without a TV at home and developed a passion for books and music, learning to play the cello, piano, flute and recorder from a very early age. Her father initially got her playing the piano which led to a love for classical music. She was raised with the music of Bach and Mozart. At age 12 Maguire looked destined to become a professional cellist. She played in competitions, attended courses on chamber music, and took a master class with world-famous cellist Paul Tortelier._NEWLINE_Some years later she started to listen to other kinds of music and became obsessed with the songs of Bob Marley._NEWLINE_When she was 17, she was involved in a car crash and a whiplash injury triggered fibromyalgia, a condition that affects the nervous system and results in chronic pain. The condition affected her mobility for several years and by the time she was 21 she had to give up her job and was on walking sticks, sometimes completely housebound._NEWLINE_During this difficult period to pass the time and a distraction from the pain she taught herself to play Bob Marley songs on the guitar and started writing her own songs inspired by his music. With her passion for poetry, songwriting perfectly cemented her love of words and music. She wrote hundreds of songs in her bedroom and purchased a ProTools Studio to start recording them at home on a computer. By her mid 20s, her health had improved and she moved back to London, and started working again doing office jobs. To begin with, Emily never saw herself as a performer, but then she got up the courage to start singing her songs in open-mic clubs._NEWLINE_In 2003 she received a phone call out of the blue which resulted in a trip to Australia for a four-week holiday to speed her recovery, with Maguire's illness being partly affected by the dull English weather. She went to stay with an old friend on his family's goat farm situated in the Obi Obi valley up in the hills behind the Sunshine Coast in Queensland. That friend was Christian Dunham who plays bass guitar and was a member of an Australian rock band. He later became her husband and the farm her home. Together they produced her album in a recording studio he had built next to their house, called shack no.2 on the farm. The shack has no heating, just basic electricity, and was built from old bits of timber and metal with walls made from rendered potato sacks. The shack is a delicate ecosystem, with wildlife, including mice which live in Maguire's piano, and Huntsman spiders living in the bathroom. Maguire dealt with this by giving the creatures names. She overcame a snake phobia by calling a 7 ft python "Dudley" who moved into the shack from neighbouring farmland._NEWLINE_Together with her Australian husband, producer and bass player, Maguire recorded her debut album, Stranger Place, over 14 days and nights in an old farmhouse in the middle of a forest in Queensland. They set up their own record label – Shaktu Records, named after Shack Number 2 at their home in Australia. Maguire and her husband took over the family cheese-making business, in between running their record label in order to fund the album independently. Proceeds were raised by the manufacture and selling of goats cheese. Emily's husband encouraged and advised her to go out and play her songs live to promote the album._NEWLINE_In 2006, after completing another tour of the UK, Emily and Christian returned to Australia to record her second album, Keep Walking. In July 2007 they returned to the UK to play the Cambridge Folk Festival and embark on a three-month tour of pubs and clubs before heading back to life on the farm._NEWLINE_On 9 September 2007 she was featured as a Sunday Spotlight artist on Aled Jones' Good Morning Sunday show on BBC Radio 2, and her song "Back Home" was played from the album Keep Walking. The manager of The Waterboys happened to be listening, he contacted the programme and they passed on her contact details. A week before she was due to fly back to Australia, Maguire got a phone call from him asking if she would be prepared to cancel her ticket back and fly instead to Ireland to start a 16-date tour with American singer Don McLean._NEWLINE_From playing to 50 people in clubs she found herself performing to 2,000 people in concert halls around the UK, culminating in a show at the Royal Albert Hall to end the tour. This story led to several articles appearing in the press, including one in The Guardian on 21 November 2007, titled "My Wildlife", and one in The Sydney Morning Herald, 15 November 2007, titled "Valley girl seduces London", as well as several live radio interviews on national radio in the UK._NEWLINE_On 16 October 2008 Maguire played her first major headline gig at The Bush Hall in London performing her songs with an all-girl string trio from The Royal Academy of Music plus Damon Wilson, the drummer from The Waterboys. Her third album, Believer, was released in November 2009. Emily puts her classical training and cello-playing to use, writing and recording all the string arrangements for all her albums. On her MySpace page she cites Bach, Bob Marley and Buddha as her influences. A practising Buddhist for over 10 years, her albums are dedicated to her teacher Lama Jampa Thaye_NEWLINE_Maguire released her first book titled Start Over Again on 1 October 2010. She revealed the story behind her songs, her journeys into psychosis and depression, and the hope that emerges from the other side. It contains a brief autobiography and is based on the verses of her song "Start Over Again" (from her third album, Believer). It includes her poetry, prose, song lyrics and personal diary entries that offer an insight into the creativity of a manic depressive mind. Emily has endured a tough battle with chronic depression and bi-polar disorder throughout her life, and wrote openly in her book about the mental illness._NEWLINE_On 15 July 2013 she released her fourth studio album, Bird Inside a Cage._NEWLINE_After a period of 18 months where she was unable to play her instruments due to chronic tendonitis, Emily started touring again in late 2016, and in February 2017 released her fifth studio album, A Bit of Blue'. This album was once again part-financed through a fan-funding campaign, and was launched at a special gig at St Pancras Old Church, London on 24 February 2017.
In addition to  Gaussian minimum-shift keying (GMSK), EDGE uses higher-order PSK/8 phase shift keying (8PSK) for the upper five of its nine modulation and coding schemes. EDGE produces a 3-bit word for every change in carrier phase. This effectively triples the gross data rate offered by GSM. EDGE, like GPRS, uses a rate adaptation algorithm that adapts the modulation and coding scheme (MCS) according to the quality of the radio channel, and thus the bit rate and robustness of data transmission. It introduces a new technology not found in GPRS, Incremental Redundancy, which, instead of retransmitting disturbed packets, sends more redundancy information to be combined in the receiver. This increases the probability of correct decoding._NEWLINE_EDGE can carry a bandwidth up to 236 kbit/s (with end-to-end latency of less than 150 ms) for 4 timeslots (theoretical maximum is 473.6 kbit/s for 8 timeslots) in packet mode. This means it can handle four times as much traffic as standard GPRS. EDGE meets the International Telecommunications Union's requirement for a 3G network, and has been accepted by the ITU as part of the IMT-2000 family of 3G standards. It also enhances the circuit data mode called HSCSD, increasing the data rate of this service.
fAR-Play began development in 2008, emerging from a collaborative project undertaken by a group of University of Alberta students from the Computer Science and Humanities Computing departments. fAR-Play is still under development, but a beta version is available for testing by request. fAR-Play's development is managed by a team of interdisciplinary professors and students at the University of Alberta.  Currently, the developing team's roster includes Supervising Professors Geoffrey Rockwell and Eleni Stroulia, Developers Lucio Gutierrez and Matthew Delaney, and Website Developers Calen Henry and Garry Wong.
fAR-Play relies on a number of open-  and closed-source web technologies as tools to create, and enhance the users' experience. Layar is the recommended client-side frontend for delivering game content to the player; it is available on Android and iOS, which covers over 91% of smartphones. While Layar is not a requirement to play fAR-Play games, the application does supply additional augmented reality functionality; Layar also includes a built-in QR scanner. Depending on the design of the particular game, the player may instead use a dedicated QR code scanner; the developers recommend BeeTagg, but any such application will do. Layar or a QR code scanner are the maximum software requirements to play a fAR-Play game, making implementation of games on a wide variety of platforms relatively straightforward. fAR-Play games can also be designed for play strictly within a mobile phone's web browser. On the server side, fAR-Play's engine is composed of an Apache server which manages the system's web interface, including the mobile and desktop versions of the fAR-Play website, and a Java-based REST framework for managing the database of nodes.
Felgo is based on the Qt (software) cross-platform development framework that provides abstraction layers for timers, threads, storage, networking and UI rendering on different platforms. Applications built with Qt include VLC Media Player, Skype and Autodesk Maya – all of them make use of the GUI module which allows the creation of native-looking applications with a single source code base._NEWLINE_Felgo uses Qt as its core and offers components and plugins on top of it, which further simplify the development of apps and games.
The Qt Creator IDE supports editing QML and JavaScript code with context-sensitive help, code completion of Felgo components, navigation between components and more._NEWLINE_It includes a QML debugger and profiler for debugging custom components and JavaScript functions. It can inspect and change property values and QML code at runtime and is able to measure the time of element creation and binding evaluations.
The GE 645 mainframe computer was a development of the GE 635 for use in the Multics project. This was the first computer that implemented a configurable hardware protected memory system. The original CTSS was implemented on a modified IBM 7094 with two banks of memory and bank-switching between user and supervisor mode. The Multics o/s implemented multilevel security (MLS) on a GE 635 running a simulator of the 645 starting on October 18, 1965 in the MIT Tech Center. When the 645 was delivered in 1967 it was first operational delivery of this computer and replaced the 635. The GECOS operating system was fully replaced by Multics in 1969 with the Multics supervisor (master mode now known as kernel mode) separated by protection rings with "gates" allowing access from user mode. A later generation in the form of the 645F (F for follow-on) wasn't completed by the time the division was sold to Honeywell, and became known as the Honeywell 6180. The original access control mechanism of the GE/Honeywell 645 were found inadequate for high speed trapping of access instructions and the re-implementation in the 6180 solved those problems. The bulk of these computers running time-sharing on Multics were installed at the NSA and similar governmental sites. Their usage was limited by the extreme security measures and had limited impact on subsequent systems, other than the protection ring._NEWLINE_The hardware protection introduced on this computer and modified on the 6180 was later implemented in the Intel 286 computer processor as a four-layer protection ring, but four rings was found to be too cumbersome to program and too slow to operate. Protection ring architecture is now used only to protect kernel mode from user mode code just as it was in the original use of the 645.
The proof is composed of two parts: the necessity of the condition and its sufficiency. We outline the proof of both parts in the language of matrices. To see that the condition in the theorem is necessary, consider the adjacency matrix of a bigraphic realization with row sums  and column sums , and shift all ones in the matrix to the left. The row sums remain, while the column sums are now . The operation of shifting all ones to the left increases a partition in majorization order, and so  majorizes ._NEWLINE_The original proof of sufficiency of the condition was rather complicated. Krause (1996) gave a simple algorithmic proof. The idea is to start with the Ferrers diagram of  and shift ones to the right until the column sums are . The algorithm runs in at most  steps, in each of which a single one entry is moved to the right.
In December 1939, Yarra was attached to the 20th Minesweeping Flotilla. On 28 August 1940, the sloop sailed from Fremantle for service on the East Indies Station. She arrived in Aden on 18 September, then was assigned to convoy operations in the Red Sea._NEWLINE_On 20 October, Yarra was part of the escort for Allied convoy BN 7. The convoy was attacked by a force of Italian destroyers; these were driven off, with the Italian destroyer Francesco Nullo forced aground. During the action, two torpedoes were fired by the Italians at Yarra; the sloop successfully evaded both._NEWLINE_From March until April 1941, Yarra was docked at Bombay for refitting. On 12 April, the sloop joined the escort of Convoy BP7 from Karachi to the port of Basra, in the Persian Gulf. After arriving in the gulf, Yarra became involved in the Anglo-Iraqi War. During August, the ship operated in Iranian waters in support of the Anglo-Soviet invasion. The sloop secured several ports and oil-producing facilities, sank the sloop Babr, and was involved in the capture of two Iranian gunboats and the Italian ship Hilda. In November, the sloop was transferred to the Mediterranean, and operated as part of the Tobruk Ferry Service._NEWLINE_In December, the Japanese declaration of war saw Yarra reassigned to Southeast Asia. She left Alexandria on 9 December and reached Java on 11 January 1942, where she commenced convoy escort duties. On 5 February, the sloop escorted a convoy to Singapore; the last convoy to arrive before the city was captured by the Japanese. While en route, the convoy was attacked by Japanese aircraft: Yarra shot down one and damaged several others, then rescued over 1,800 soldiers from the burning troopship SS Empress of Asia. On 6 February, the sloop left Singapore with a southbound convoy. Yarra left the convoy when near Palembang to take up the tow of the disabled destroyer Vendetta, with the two ships successfully reaching Tanjong Priok.
Hasraf Dulull (known as "Haz") was brought up in London, UK. He got his first computer at 16 and became a gamer, studying computer science, technology and design for his A Levels. He attended City, University of London (1998–2001), graduating with a BEng (2:1) in Media Communications, and creating a horror game for his dissertation.
Day considers her work a form of visual storytelling, where each painting acts as a page to a larger story about “risk and comfort.” Citing the lines and textures of nature, travel, music and the depth of the color blue as her main sources of inspiration, Day works primarily with paint and non-traditional materials on canvas. She also works in both interior and exterior murals and experimental sculpture. Day painted a commissioned mural at the Dropbox office in Seattle, conveying movement and creating her own canvas by painting over existing design elements such as a moose head sculpture._NEWLINE_Aside from working with traditional painting materials, Day used her process to create the world's first augmented reality art for Facebook Camera in collaboration with Facebook's Applied Machine Learning group._NEWLINE_Using her social media platform as a vehicle for community discussion, Day addresses feminism, current political events and their impacts on the community, and entrepreneurship._NEWLINE_Day regards Helen Frankenthaler, Katharina Gross, Sam Gilliam, Agnes Martin, Willem DeKooning and Noah Purifoy as admirable artists._NEWLINE_Together with product manager Michelle Wei, Day co-founded a culinary-art startup company called Studio Table. Studio Table started in Day’s studio space in the Dogpatch neighborhood of San Francisco.
The iPad Mini 4 ships with the iOS 9 operating system pre-installed, and was the first device to do so. With an additional 1 GB of RAM compared to the previous generations' Mini, the iPad Mini 4 is capable of utilizing the Slide Over, Split View and Picture in Picture multitasking functions in iOS 9._NEWLINE_The device is compatible with iOS 9.1, which was released on October 21, 2015, which adds the News app for the UK and Australia as well as additional emoji and other bug fixes._NEWLINE_It was revealed at WWDC 2019 that the iPad Mini 4 would support iPadOS, despite rumours saying that it wouldn’t. It does lack the support for some features though such as Memoji Stickers, Apple’s ARKit based applications and support for Sidecar in macOS Catalina, due to it having the Apple A8 Processor. Apart from this, most of the features that were introduced in iPadOS will work with this iPad, including support for external USB drives (using the camera connection kits), the redesigned split screen and multitasking interface (with support for two apps to be open at once) and support for Haptic Touch (no haptic feedback will be felt as the iPad family don’t have Taptic Engines).
While the iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 were both released in October 2014, the Mini 3 carried over the Mini 2's internals including the A7 processor in place of the hardware found in the iPad Air 2. The iPad Mini 4 features upgraded hardware closer in specs to the iPad Air 2. However, the Mini 4 sports a dual-core A8 processor in place of the tri-core A8X. Apple claims that this processor is "1.3x faster" at CPU tasks and "1.6x faster" at graphics tasks over the A7 processor found in previous Mini models. Along with the iPad Air 2, there are 2 GB of RAM, allowing the device to support the advanced multitasking features made available with the iOS 9 operating system._NEWLINE_Like the iPad Mini 3 that came before it, the iPad Mini 4 is capable of making mobile payments via Apple Pay in combination with the Touch ID sensor, although this can only be done in apps as the device lacks the NFC antenna required for payments at a merchant terminal. With iOS 10, Apple Pay is supported within the Safari app._NEWLINE_The device shares the same camera module as the iPad Air 2 with an 8 megapixel camera with a ƒ/2.4 aperture. The screen is the same Retina Display that has featured since the iPad Mini 2, although it is fully laminated (also like the iPad Air 2) and contains an anti-reflective coating, resulting in drastically improved picture quality compared to its predecessors. The iPad Mini 4 display features much improved color accuracy due to the increase to 101% sRGB Color Gamut compared to poor ~62% on the previous models._NEWLINE_It has a slightly smaller battery compared to the previous generations though Apple claims the runtime to be the same 10 hours as its predecessor._NEWLINE_There is also an updated wireless module adding support for 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2. As with its predecessor, the iPad Mini 4 was available with storage options of 16, 32, 64 or 128 GB, although by March 2017 all but the 128 GB model was discontinued.
In protected mode a segment cannot be both writable and executable. Therefore, when implementing the Tiny memory model the code segment register must point to the same physical address and have the same limit as the data segment register. This defeated one of the features of the 80286, which makes sure data segments are never executable and code segments are never writable (which means that self-modifying code is never allowed). However, on the 80386, with its paged memory management unit it is possible to protect individual memory pages against writing._NEWLINE_Memory models are not limited to 16-bit programs. It is possible to use segmentation in 32-bit protected mode as well (resulting in 48-bit pointers) and there exist C language compilers which support that. However segmentation in 32-bit mode does not allow to access a larger address space than what a single segment would cover, unless some segments are not always present in memory and the linear address space is just used as a cache over a larger segmented virtual space. It allows better protection for access to various objects (areas up to 1 MB long can benefit from a one-byte access protection granularity, versus the coarse 4 KiB granularity offered by sole paging), and is therefore only used in specialized applications, like telecommunications software. Technically, the "flat" 32-bit address space is a "tiny" memory model for the segmented address space. Under both reigns all four segment registers contain one and the same value.
The reason for this ambiguity was elaborated on (with reference to classical Chinese sources) by Keichū in his work Man'yō Daishōki (萬葉代匠記):_NEWLINE_The character yō has two meanings: the first, meaning an era, as in Mao Chang's commentary ... the second, meaning a poem, as in the Shiming ... We cannot know the true intentions of the compiler, but the latter meaning has been held to by subsequent generations._NEWLINE_In a later edition of the same work, Keichū repeated the above dual explanation, further interpreting the meaning of "poem" as an elaboration on the meaning "word" (as in koto no ha), and speculating that the titles of the later Kin'yōshū, Gyokuyōshū and Shin'yōshū as utilizing this meaning. He suggested that the title might be meant to express a desire that this collection would last for all time, comparing the title of the later Senzaishū. He appears to have shown more support for (ii), but was not certain. No other early Edo period scholar cited as many Chinese precedents in support of their interpretation as did Keichū.
Yoshio Yamada, in his work "Man'yōshū Meigi Kō" (萬葉集名義考) advanced the "ten thousand ages" hypothesis believing it to be the stronger, but the Chinese literature scholar Masayuki Okada in his 1929 work Ōmi-Nara-chō no Kan-bungaku (近江奈良朝の漢文学) preferred the "ten thousand poems" interpretation, based on the titles of other works of the period comparing poems to trees or leaves in a forest (詩林 shirin, 歌林 karin)._NEWLINE_Torao Suzuki, another Chinese scholar, followed Okada in his paper "Man'yōshū Shomei no Igi" (万葉集書名の意義, 1951, published in the first volume of the journal Man'yō), noting particularly the title of the (now lost) work Ruijū Karin (類聚歌林). Suzuki took the "leaves" of the title to be the leaves covering the trees in a forest of poetry (karin). Another Sinologist, Kiyotaka Hoshikawa, went further in his 1952 paper "Man'yō Meigi Ronkō" (万葉名義論考, published in the 29th volume of Kokugo to Kokubungaku), citing a Tang-era Chinese work that actually used the phrase man'yō (wànyè in modern Mandarin) in this sense. Following the work of these Chinese scholars, the "ten thousand poems" hypothesis became more widely accepted._NEWLINE_Susumu Nakanishi, in his 1963 book Man'yōshū no Hikakubungakuteki Kenkyū (万葉集の比較文学的研究), also expressed support for the idea that the title referred to the great number of poems included in the work._NEWLINE_Noriyuki Kojima, in the second volume of his 1964 book Jōdai Nihon Bungaku to Chūgoku Bungaku (上代日本文学と中国文学), sided with the "ten thousand ages" hypothesis, though, gathering all the Chinese sources he could find for both sides and weighing them against each other. Kojima determined that while the majority of the textual references in Chinese sources favoured the "ten thousand ages" interpretation, this evidence was not strong enough to base one's view purely on the surviving Chinese sources; he instead concluded that "ten thousand ages" was the better interpretation based on the more likely reasoning of the compiler(s): that they intended for the collection to last for all time. He cited Chinese sources such as the Wen Xuan and the Wenguan Cilin that use the character 葉 in the sense of "age", as well as texts that use it to mean "leaf", in the same contexts where literature is compared to forests and flowers._NEWLINE_In his 1972 book Man'yōshū Seiritsu Kō (万葉集成立考), Matsuo Itami (伊丹末雄) suggested that the title was provided by Tachibana no Moroe, one of the compilers, to mean "ten thousand ages", and cited in support of this a passage about Moroe in the Shoku Nihongi that reads "ten thousand years immortal, one thousand leaves inheritance" (万歳無窮、千葉相伝).
Osuigwe attended primary school in Aba South and secondary school in Ehime Mbano area, before obtaining bachelor of education in mathematics from University of Nigeria, Nsukka in 2011. While at the university, he was the general course leader of mathematics, computer science, physics, and chemistry departments from 2008 to 2011. He also served as the president of Lifeline campus. In 2015, he obtained a certificate in Media and Information Literacy from Africa Centre for Media and Information Literacy (AFRICMIL) and United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
The leaves are the most frequently used part of the plant, fresh, dried, or frozen. The leaves are widely used in Thai and Lao cuisine (for dishes such as tom yum) and Cambodian cuisine (for the base paste "krueng"). The leaves are used in Vietnamese cuisine to add fragrance to chicken dishes and to decrease the pungent odor when steaming snails. The leaves are used in Indonesian cuisine (especially Balinese cuisine and Javanese cuisine) for foods such as soto ayam and are used along with Indonesian bay leaf for chicken and fish. They are also found in Malaysian and Burmese cuisines. It is used widely in South Indian cuisine._NEWLINE_The rind (peel) is commonly used in Lao and Thai curry paste, adding an aromatic, astringent flavor. The zest of the fruit, referred to as combava, is used in creole cuisine to impart flavor in infused rums and rougails in Mauritius, Réunion, and Madagascar. In Cambodia, the entire fruit is crystallized/candied for eating.
Keysight VEE can interact with other programming languages using the built-in ActiveX Automation Server. Other software development programs such as Visual Basic, C/C++, Visual C# and all .NET compliant languages can call Keysight VEE UserFunctions. Keysight VEE is also integrated with Microsoft .NET Framework (Common Language Runtime and Framework Class Libraries) that provides a multitude of functions and controls that can be used to enhance a program such as adding email capability and accessing databases._NEWLINE_Access to over 2500 MATLAB analysis and visualization functions is made possible with the built-in MATLAB Signal Processing Toolbox.  The built-in Microsoft Excel library provides direct access to save, retrieve and generate reports in spreadsheets.
On a Korean computer keyboard, text is typically entered by simply pressing a key for the appropriate jamo; the operating system creates each composite character on the fly.  Depending on the IME and keyboard layout, double consonants can be entered by holding the shift button.  When all jamo making up a syllabic block have been entered, the user may initiate a conversion to hanja or other special characters using a keyboard shortcut or interface button; South Korean keyboards have a separate key for this.  Subsequent semi-automated hanja conversion is supported to varying degrees in word processors._NEWLINE_When using a keyboard from another language, most operating systems require the user to type using an original Korean keyboard layout, the most common of which is 2(du)-beolsik.  This is in contrast to some other languages, like Japanese, where text can be entered using a Romanization system on non-native keyboards.
This piece is based on an ancient Breton myth in which a cathedral, submerged underwater off the coast of the Island of Ys, rises up from the sea on clear mornings when the water is transparent.  Sounds can be heard of priests chanting, bells chiming, and the organ playing, from across the sea.  Accordingly, Debussy uses certain harmonies to allude to the plot of the legend, in the style of musical symbolism._NEWLINE_To begin the piece, Debussy uses parallel fifths.  The first chord of the piece is made up of sonorous Gs and Ds (open fifths).  The use of stark, open fifths here allude to the idea of church bells that sound from the distance, across the ocean.  The opening measures, marked pianissimo, introduce us to the first series of rising parallel fifth chords, outlining a G major pentatonic scale.  These chords bring to mind two things: 1) the Eastern pentatonic scale, which Debussy heard during a performance of Javanese gamelan music at the 1889 Universal Exhibition in Paris, and 2) medieval chant music, similar to the organa in parallel fifths from the Musica enchiriadis, a 9th-century treatise on music. The shape of the ascending phrase is perhaps a representation of the cathedral's slow emergence from the water._NEWLINE_After the beginning section, Debussy gently brings the cathedral out of the water by modulating to B major, shaping the melody in a wave-like fashion, and including important narrative instructions in measure 16: Peu à peu sortant de la brume (Emerging from the fog little by little).  This shows Debussy at his closest manifestation of musical impressionism. Then, after a section marked Augmentez progressivement (Slowly growing), the cathedral has emerged and the grand organ is heard at a dynamic level of fortissimo (measures 28-41).  This is the loudest and most profound part of the piece, and is described in the score as Sonore sans dureté.  Following the grand entrance and exit of the organ, the cathedral sinks back down into the ocean (measures 62-66) and the organ is heard once more, but from underwater.  To attain these effects that reflect images of the castle, most performers use specific techniques with regards to pedaling and articulation to affect tone color.  For example, some performers use their full body weight to depress keys to create a rich sound.  Also performers create a ringing bell sound by instantly releasing pedaled notes. Finally, the cathedral is gone from sight, and only the bells are heard, at a distant pianissimo.
In order to overcome the limits of basic boolean searches, information systems have attempted to classify case laws and statutes into more computer friendly structures. Usually, this results in the creation of an ontology to classify the texts, based on the way a legal professional might think about them. These attempt to link texts on the basis of their type, their value, and/or their topic areas. Most major legal search providers now implement some sort of classification search, such as Westlaw's “Natural Language” or LexisNexis' Headnote searches. Additionally, both of these services allow browsing of their classifications, via Westlaw's West Key Numbers or Lexis' Headnotes. Though these two search algorithms are proprietary and secret, it is known that they employ manual classification of text (though this may be computer-assisted)._NEWLINE_These systems can help overcome the majority of problems inherent in legal information retrieval systems, in that manual classification has the greatest chances of identifying landmark cases and understanding the issues that arise in the text. In one study, ontological searching resulted in a precision rate of 82% and a recall rate of 97% among legal professionals. The legal texts included, however, were carefully controlled to just a few areas of law in a specific jurisdiction._NEWLINE_The major drawback to this approach is the requirement of using highly skilled legal professionals and large amounts of time to classify texts. As the amount of text available continues to increase, some have stated their belief that manual classification is unsustainable.
In the mid-90s the Room 5 case law retrieval project used citation mining for summaries and ranked its search results based on citation type and count.  This slightly pre-dated the Page Rank algorithm at Stanford which was also a citation-based ranking.  Ranking of results was based as much on jurisdiction as on number of references.
Margaret Lawrence Brown - female rights activist and feminist - has taken up the cause of prostitutes to get them off the streets. While delivering a speech at Central Park she is assassinated. Rio Java, a former underground film star with four kids and no husband had been saved from a life of porn films and was now a staunch supporter. After the assassination Rio gets together with Margaret's two half-sisters, Lara Crichton and Beth Lawrence Brown, to plan revenge on Enzio Bassalino, head of an all-powerful mafia clan. Unhappy with the hookers leaving the streets and going on strike, he had a hit put out on Margaret. The three women decide to go about with their revenge by targeting Enzio's three sons: Frank, Nick and Angelo Bassalino. Their weapon: sex. The result: a bloodbath of sexual mayhem through the dangerous corridors of organised crime.
The captain was 34-year-old Daufir Efendi who had 7,552 flight hours, including 7,302 hours on the Boeing 737. He was employed by the airline in 1996 and live near Surabaya, East Java. The first officer was 31-year-old Askar Timur who had 2,353 hours, including 685 hours on the Boeing 737. He joined the airline in 2004 and live in Balikpapan, East Kalimantan.
EIC voyage (1804-1805): Captain William Brown Greenway sailed from Calcutta on 1 March 1804, bound for England. She was at Kedgeree on 22 July. She visited Penang on 29 July and reached  Saint Helena on 22 October. She arrived at The Downs on 5 March 1805. Her owners paid c.£4210 for fitting out for her return voyage._NEWLINE_Maria was one of the EIC vessels that were part of the expedition under General Sir David Baird and Admiral Sir Home Riggs Popham that would in 1806 capture the Dutch Cape Colony. They would carry supplies and troops to the Cape, and then continue on their voyages._NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_The French frigate Piémontaise captured Maria on 27 September 1807.  Between September and October, Piémontaise captured Caroline, Eggleton or Eggleson, master, Sarah, Henderson, master, Maria, James, master, Udny, Walteas or Wallis, master, Danneberg or Danesburgh, Winter, master, Highland Chief, Mahapice or Makepiece, master, Eliza, Sparkes, master, and Calcutta. Calcutta was a "native ship". Captain James, of Maria, died aboard Piémontaise on 29 September._NEWLINE_French records report that Maria was carrying toile, saltpêtre, and 8,500 sacks of rice. The value of the prize was 240,195.02 French francs._NEWLINE_In a process that currently remains obscure, Maria ended up in non-French hands under the name Derie Beggi (or a variant spelling)._NEWLINE_The country ship Derie Beggi (of 500 tons (bm)) participated in the expedition to the Moluccas and Java in 1810-11. In 1810 Derriah Beggie (500 tons (bm); Captain Thomas Ross) embarked 70 horses belonging to His Majesty's 22nd (Light) Dragoons. She was caught the tail end of a heavy storm with the result that 42 of the horses had to be destroyed._NEWLINE_At some point Derreak Beggie/Deriah Beggie/Derie Beggi became Ruby.
Martin Graham was born in Jamaica, Queens, in 1926. At the age of 16 he enrolled as a freshman at the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn, New York. Then, he served in the U.S. Navy as an Electronic Technician Mate from 1944 to 1946. After completing service in the U.S. Navy, he studied electrical engineering under the GI Bill and became an instructor at the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn. In 1948, he received a M.Sc. degree from the Harvard University. He returned to the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn where he received his Ph.D. in 1952. After working at the Brookhaven National Laboratory as an engineer, he began an academic appointment at Rice University in 1957, eventually rising to the rank of Professor of Electrical Engineering and Director of the Computer Project. He left Rice in 1966 and was appointed Professor of Electrical Engineering at UC Berkeley that same year. He served as Associate Director of the Computer Center from 1966 to 1968, and Chair of the Computer Science Department from 1970 to 1973. He also served as Secretary of the Academic Senate from 1978 to 1980. He retired in 1993 but continued working from his office at Cory Hall on the UC Berkeley campus. Graham died in 2015.
Dr. Mehdi Shaghaghi Zarghamee (Persian: مهدی شقاقی ضرغامی‎) is a former  Chancellor of Arya Mehr University of Technology (currently Sharif University of Technology) in Iran, former Professor at the Department of Mathematics and Computer Sciences, and founder of the Isfahan University of Technology. Dr. Zarghamee currently works as Senior Principal in the Division of Engineering Mechanics and Infrastructure of Simpson Gumpertz & Heger Inc.. Most notably, was the principal investigator for the structural modeling of the 9/11 collapse of the World Trade Center Towers for the NIST._NEWLINE_Dr. Zarghamee earned his Ph.D. in Structural Engineering from the University of Illinois and his S.M. in Mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The solution runs on z/OS, AIX, Linux, Solaris, and Windows and can be distributed on several computers and operating systems. It can be monitored and controlled via SNMP using standard SNMP managing applications such as IBM Tivoli NetView or HP Network Node Manager (formerly HP Openview).
The latest release, MessagePlus/Open Version 4, supports XML based interfaces for file-exchange, IBM WebSphere MQ and WSDL based Web services. It includes a Java Web Client, a Java API, and additional functions designed for complex messaging processing scenarios. These include content analysis features to categorize documents and extract digital data from unstructured or semi-structured content which can then be delivered in structured formats like XML to backend applications.
The human brain contains, on average, about 86 billion nerve cells called neurons, each individually linked to other neurons by way of connectors called axons and dendrites. Signals at the junctures (synapses) of these connections are transmitted by the release and detection of chemicals known as neurotransmitters. The established neuroscientific consensus is that the human mind is largely an emergent property of the information processing of this neural network._NEWLINE_Neuroscientists have stated that important functions performed by the mind, such as learning, memory, and consciousness, are due to purely physical and electrochemical processes in the brain and are governed by applicable laws. For example, Christof Koch and Giulio Tononi wrote in IEEE Spectrum:_NEWLINE_Consciousness is part of the natural world. It depends, we believe, only on mathematics and logic and on the imperfectly known laws of physics, chemistry, and biology; it does not arise from some magical or otherworldly quality._NEWLINE_The concept of mind uploading is based on this mechanistic view of the mind, and denies the vitalist view of human life and consciousness._NEWLINE_Eminent computer scientists and neuroscientists have predicted that specially programmed computers will be capable of thought and even attain consciousness, including Koch and Tononi, Douglas Hofstadter, Jeff Hawkins, Marvin Minsky, Randal A. Koene, and Rodolfo Llinás._NEWLINE_However, even though uploading is dependent upon such a general capability, it is conceptually distinct from general forms of AI in that it results from dynamic reanimation of information derived from a specific human mind so that the mind retains a sense of historical identity (other forms are possible but would compromise or eliminate the life-extension feature generally associated with uploading). The transferred and reanimated information would become a form of artificial intelligence, sometimes called an infomorph or "noömorph"._NEWLINE_Many theorists have presented models of the brain and have established a range of estimates of the amount of computing power needed for partial and complete simulations. Using these models, some have estimated that uploading may become possible within decades if trends such as Moore's law continue.
Since the function of the human mind and how it might arise from the working of the brain's neural network, are poorly understood issues, mind uploading relies on the idea of neural network emulation. Rather than having to understand the high-level psychological processes and large-scale structures of the brain, and model them using classical artificial intelligence methods and cognitive psychology models, the low-level structure of the underlying neural network is captured, mapped and emulated with a computer system. In computer science terminology, rather than analyzing and reverse engineering the behavior of the algorithms and data structures that resides in the brain, a blueprint of its source code is translated to another programming language. The human mind and the personal identity then, theoretically, is generated by the emulated neural network in an identical fashion to it being generated by the biological neural network._NEWLINE_On the other hand, a molecule-scale simulation of the brain is not expected to be required, provided that the functioning of the neurons is not affected by quantum mechanical processes. The neural network emulation approach only requires that the functioning and interaction of neurons and synapses are understood. It is expected that it is sufficient with a black-box signal processing model of how the neurons respond to nerve impulses (electrical as well as chemical synaptic transmission)._NEWLINE_A sufficiently complex and accurate model of the neurons is required. A traditional artificial neural network model, for example multi-layer perceptron network model, is not considered as sufficient. A dynamic spiking neural network model is required, which reflects that the neuron fires only when a membrane potential reaches a certain level. It is likely that the model must include delays, non-linear functions and differential equations describing the relation between electrophysical parameters such as electrical currents, voltages, membrane states (ion channel states) and neuromodulators._NEWLINE_Since learning and long-term memory are believed to result from strengthening or weakening the synapses via a mechanism known as synaptic plasticity or synaptic adaptation, the model should include this mechanism. The response of sensory receptors to various stimuli must also be modelled._NEWLINE_Furthermore, the model may have to include metabolism, i.e. how the neurons are affected by hormones and other chemical substances that may cross the blood–brain barrier. It is considered likely that the model must include currently unknown neuromodulators, neurotransmitters and ion channels. It is considered unlikely that the simulation model has to include protein interaction, which would make it computationally complex._NEWLINE_A digital computer simulation model of an analog system such as the brain is an approximation that introduces random quantization errors and distortion. However, the biological neurons also suffer from randomness and limited precision, for example due to background noise. The errors of the discrete model can be made smaller than the randomness of the biological brain by choosing a sufficiently high variable resolution and sample rate, and sufficiently accurate models of non-linearities. The computational power and computer memory must however be sufficient to run such large simulations, preferably in real time.
Underlying the concept of "mind uploading" (more accurately "mind transferring") is the broad philosophy that consciousness lies within the brain's information processing and is in essence an emergent feature that arises from large neural network high-level patterns of organization, and that the same patterns of organization can be realized in other processing devices. Mind uploading also relies on the idea that the human mind (the "self" and the long-term memory), just like non-human minds, is represented by the current neural network paths and the weights of the brain synapses rather than by a dualistic and mystic soul and spirit. The mind or "soul" can be defined as the information state of the brain, and is immaterial only in the same sense as the information content of a data file or the state of a computer software currently residing in the work-space memory of the computer. Data specifying the information state of the neural network can be captured and copied as a "computer file" from the brain and re-implemented into a different physical form. This is not to deny that minds are richly adapted to their substrates. An analogy to the idea of mind uploading is to copy the temporary information state (the variable values) of a computer program from the computer memory to another computer and continue its execution. The other computer may perhaps have different hardware architecture but emulates the hardware of the first computer._NEWLINE_These issues have a long history. In 1775 Thomas Reid wrote: “I would be glad to know... whether when my brain has lost its original structure, and when some hundred years after the same materials are fabricated so curiously as to become an intelligent being, whether, I say that being will be me; or, if, two or three such beings should be formed out of my brain; whether they will all be me, and consequently one and the same intelligent being.”_NEWLINE_A considerable portion of transhumanists and singularitarians place great hope into the belief that they may become immortal, by creating one or many non-biological functional copies of their brains, thereby leaving their "biological shell". However, the philosopher and transhumanist Susan Schneider claims that at best, uploading would create a copy of the original person's mind.  Susan Schneider agrees that consciousness has a computational basis, but this does not mean we can upload and survive.  According to her views, "uploading" would probably result in the death of the original person's brain, while only outside observers can maintain the illusion of the original person still being alive.  For it is implausible to think that one's consciousness would leave one's brain and travel to a remote location; ordinary physical objects do not behave this way. Ordinary objects (rocks, tables, etc.) are not simultaneously here, and elsewhere. At best, a copy of the original mind is created. Neural correlates of consciousness, a sub-branch of neuroscience, states that consciousness may be thought of as a state-dependent property of some undefined complex, adaptive, and highly interconnected biological system._NEWLINE_Others have argued against such conclusions. For example, Buddhist transhumanist James Hughes has pointed out that this consideration only goes so far: if one believes the self is an illusion, worries about survival are not reasons to avoid uploading, and Keith Wiley has presented an argument wherein all resulting minds of an uploading procedure are granted equal primacy in their claim to the original identity, such that survival of the self is determined retroactively from a strictly subjective position. Some have also asserted that consciousness is a part of an extra-biological system that is yet to be discovered and cannot be fully understood under the present constraints of neurobiology. Without the transference of consciousness, true mind-upload or perpetual immortality cannot be practically achieved._NEWLINE_Another potential consequence of mind uploading is that the decision to "upload" may then create a mindless symbol manipulator instead of a conscious mind (see philosophical zombie). Are we to assume that an upload is conscious if it displays behaviors that are highly indicative of consciousness? Are we to assume that an upload is conscious if it verbally insists that it is conscious? Could there be an absolute upper limit in processing speed above which consciousness cannot be sustained? The mystery of consciousness precludes a definitive answer to this question. Numerous scientists, including Kurzweil, strongly believe that determining whether a separate entity is conscious  (with 100% confidence) is fundamentally unknowable, since consciousness is inherently subjective (see solipsism). Regardless, some scientists strongly believe consciousness is the consequence of computational processes which are substrate-neutral. On the contrary, numerous scientists believe consciousness may be the result of some form of quantum computation dependent on substrate (see quantum mind)._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_In light of uncertainty on whether to regard uploads as conscious, Sandberg proposes a cautious approach: _NEWLINE_Principle of assuming the most (PAM): Assume that any emulated system could have the same mental properties as the original system and treat it correspondingly.
Used to designate the lowest level of virtualization or the absence of virtualization. For instance the term “Native VM” is used to ensure reference to the lowest level operating system, the one that actually maintains direct control of the hardware when multiple levels of virtualization occur.
In 1875, the first coca plants were transferred from Brazil to the colonial botanical garden "'s Lands Plantentuin te Buitenzorg" in Java. Shortly after, commercial production started in Java, Madura and Sumatra. Coca leaves were exported, mainly to Germany, through the Koloniale Bank in Amsterdam. This trader of agricultural produce moved between 34 and 81 tons of leaves annually from 1892 to 1900. Because of growing demand and a steady supply the Koloniale Bank decided to start production of cocaine in Amsterdam and it founded the Nederlandsche Cocaïnefabriek 12 March 1900. Production started in a building designed by Herman Hendrik Baanders. The building was expanded in 1902, but in 1909 the factory moved to another location. Cocaine was sold as a medication for a variety of chest and lung ailments, but it was used as a recreational drug as well. The NCF soon became one of the major cocaine producers in Europe.
In the Python library NumPy, the outer product can be computed with function np.outer()_NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_>>> import numpy as np>>> a = np.array([1, 2, 3])>>> b = np.array([2, 4, 8])>>> np.outer(a, b)Out[*]:  array([[ 2,  4,  8], _NEWLINE_                [ 4,  8, 16],_NEWLINE_                [ 6, 12, 24]])# in contrast np.kron, results in a flat array>>> np.kron(a, b)Out[*]:  array([ 2, 4, 8, 4, 8, 16, 6, 12, 24])_NEWLINE_The outer product of multidimensional arrays can be computed using np.multiply.outer._NEWLINE_>>> np.multiply.outer(np.empty((1, 2, 3)), np.empty((4, 5))).shapeOut[*]:  (1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
The round and cursive design of the letters of many South Indian and Southeast Asian scripts, such as Devanagari, Nandinagari, Telugu, Lontara, Javanese, Balinese, Odia, Burmese, Tamil, Khmer, and so forth, may be an adaptation to the use of palm leaves, as angular letters could tear the leaves apart.
In Indonesia the palm-leaf manuscript is called lontar. The Indonesian word is the modern form of Old Javanese rontal. It is composed of two Old Javanese words, namely ron "leaf" and tal "Borassus flabellifer, palmyra palm". Due to the shape of the palmyra palm's leaves, which are spread like a fan, these trees are also known as "fan trees". The leaves of the rontal tree have always been used for many purposes, such as for the making of plaited mats, palm sugar wrappers, water scoops, ornaments, ritual tools, and writing material. Today, the art of writing in rontal still survives in Bali, performed by Balinese Brahmin as a sacred duty to rewrite Hindu texts._NEWLINE_Many old manuscripts dated from ancient Java, Indonesia, were written on rontal palm-leaf manuscripts. Manuscripts dated from the 14th to 15th century during the Majapahit period. Some were found even earlier, like the Arjunawiwaha, the Smaradahana, the Nagarakretagama and the Kakawin Sutasoma, which were discovered on the neighboring islands of Bali and Lombok. This suggested that the tradition of preserving, copying and rewriting palm-leaf manuscripts continued for centuries. Other palm-leaf manuscripts include Sundanese language works: the Carita Parahyangan, the Sanghyang siksakanda ng karesian and the Bujangga Manik.
At the heart of every bureau is the computer system that performs the calculations. Bureau software is created solely for finance professionals and has one purpose: to mass-produce accurate financials for many companies simultaneously. There are only a handful of bureau software vendors in the United States, and the choice of computer system used by the bureau is often a deciding factor for their clients as the software choice often determines what the bureau can regularly render. The software choice is also significant in that bureau trade associations are often formed based on the choice of software, as they generally face the same challenges and offer the same in the same manner._NEWLINE_The common wisdom of "newer is better" that applies to most software, does not apply in the bureau industry. Due to the complexity and potential for expensive errors that goes with, moving clients from one system to another, it is very common for older software to be in just as much use as newer software. Clients generally have a low tolerance for errors, simply because finance is a high-dollar affair that can become very expensive when mistakes are made - and this results in significant apprehensiveness on the part of the bureau to simply switch from one software package to another. A bureau software package that has been in for ten years may be based on obsolete operating systems such as DOS and lack Internet functionality, but on the other hand, such software has the advantage of a proven history and a body of real-world experience using it.
An erroneous message can be detected in a straightforward way through polynomial division by the generator polynomial resulting in a non-zero remainder._NEWLINE_Assuming that the code word is free of errors, a systematic code can be decoded simply by stripping away the  checksum digits. _NEWLINE_If there are errors, then error correction should be performed before decoding. Efficient decoding algorithms exist for specific polynomial codes, such as BCH codes.
In mathematics a P-recursive equation can be solved for polynomial solutions. Sergei A. Abramov in 1989 and Marko Petkovšek in 1992 described an algorithm which finds all polynomial solutions of those recurrence equations with polynomial coefficients. The algorithm computes a degree bound for the solution in a first step. In a second step an ansatz for a polynomial of this degree is used and the unknown coefficients are computed by a system of linear equations. This article describes this algorithm._NEWLINE_In 1995 Abramov, Bronstein and Petkovšek showed that the polynomial case can be solved more efficiently by considering power series solution of the recurrence equation in a specific power basis (i.e. not the ordinary basis )._NEWLINE_Other algorithms which compute rational or hypergeometric solutions of a linear recurrence equation with polynomial coefficients also use algorithms which compute polynomial solutions.
The algorithm consists of two steps. In a first step the degree bound is computed. In a second step an ansatz with a polynomial  of that degree with arbitrary coefficients in  is made and plugged into the recurrence equation. Then the different powers are compared and a system of linear equations for the coefficients of  is set up and solved. This is called the method undetermined coefficients. The algorithm returns the general polynomial solution of a recurrence equation._NEWLINE_algorithm polynomial_solutions is_NEWLINE_    input: Linear recurrence equation ._NEWLINE_    output: The general polynomial solution  if there are any solutions, otherwise false._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    for  do_NEWLINE_        _NEWLINE_    repeat_NEWLINE_    _NEWLINE_    _NEWLINE_    _NEWLINE_    _NEWLINE_     with unknown coefficients  for _NEWLINE_    Compare coefficients of polynomials  and  to get possible values for _NEWLINE_    if there are possible values for  then_NEWLINE_        return general solution _NEWLINE_    else_NEWLINE_        return false_NEWLINE_    end if
In operator theory, a branch of mathematics, a positive-definite kernel is a generalization of a positive-definite function or a positive-definite matrix. It was first introduced by James Mercer in the early 20th century, in the context of solving integral operator equations. Since then positive definite functions and their various analogues and generalizations have arisen in diverse parts of mathematics. They occur naturally in Fourier analysis, probability theory, operator theory, complex function-theory, moment problems, integral equations, boundary-value problems for partial differential equations, machine learning, embedding problem, information theory, and other areas._NEWLINE_This article will discuss some of the historical and current developments of the theory of positive definite kernels, starting with the general idea and properties before considering practical applications.
In the literature on computer experiments  and other engineering experiments one increasingly encounters models based on p.d. kernels, RBFs or kriging. One such topic is response surface modeling. Other types of applications that boil down to data fitting are rapid prototyping and computer graphics. Here one often uses implicit surface models to approximate or interpolate point cloud data._NEWLINE_Applications of p.d. kernels in various other branches of mathematics are in multivariate integration, multivariate optimization, and in numerical analysis and scientific computing, where one studies fast, accurate and adaptive algorithms ideally implemented in high-performance computing environments.
Protein chemical shift prediction is a branch of biomolecular nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy that aims to accurately calculate protein chemical shifts from protein coordinates. Protein chemical shift prediction was first attempted in the late 1960s using semi-empirical methods applied to protein structures solved by X-ray crystallography.  Since that time protein chemical shift prediction has evolved to employ much more sophisticated approaches including quantum mechanics, machine learning and empirically derived chemical shift hypersurfaces. The most recently developed methods exhibit remarkable precision and accuracy.
Any regular expression may be used as the rule pattern. Additionally, a proc may be used to calculate the name of the source file. This allows for complex patterns and sources._NEWLINE_The following rule is equivalent to the example above:_NEWLINE_rule(/\.o$/ =>_NEWLINE_  ->(t_name){ t_name.sub /\.o$/, '.c' }) do |t|_NEWLINE_  sh "cc #{t.source} -c -o #{t.name}"end_NEWLINE_NOTE: Because of a quirk in Ruby syntax, parentheses are required around a rule when the first argument is a regular expression._NEWLINE_The following rule might be used for Java files:_NEWLINE_rule '.class' => ->(t_name){ t_name_NEWLINE_    .sub(/\.class$/, '.java')_NEWLINE_    .sub(/^classes\//, 'src/') } do |t|_NEWLINE_  java_compile(t.source, t.name)end_NEWLINE_Below is an example of a simple Rake recipe:_NEWLINE_namespace :cake do_NEWLINE_  desc 'make pancakes'_NEWLINE_  task :pancake => [:flour,:milk,:egg,:baking_powder] do_NEWLINE_     puts "sizzle"_NEWLINE_  end_NEWLINE_  task :butter do_NEWLINE_    puts "cut 3 tablespoons of butter into tiny squares"_NEWLINE_  end_NEWLINE_  task :flour => :butter do_NEWLINE_    puts "use hands to knead butter squares into 1{{frac|1|2}} cup flour"_NEWLINE_  end_NEWLINE_  task :milk do_NEWLINE_    puts "add 1{{frac|1|4}} cup milk"_NEWLINE_  end_NEWLINE_  task :egg do_NEWLINE_   puts "add 1 egg"_NEWLINE_  end_NEWLINE_  task :baking_powder do_NEWLINE_   puts "add 3{{frac|1|2}} teaspoons baking powder"_NEWLINE_  endend
As an immigrant at the age of 12, Persad started doing research under mentor Eleanor F. Helin at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, in Asteroid Discovery, Origin, and Motion, and at the age of 13, she was a research assistant at the High-temperature Superconductivity Lab at Boston University. At the age of 14, she developed new methods of numerical integration including the "Method of Polygonal Partitions", "Vector Approximation Method", and "Inversion Method". Persad's research in calculus won her the 1st Award for 2 years in a row at the M.I.T. State Science Fair._NEWLINE_From the age of 14, Persad took mathematics coursework at Harvard University. At the age of 16, she graduated valedictorian of the Class of 1991 at Boston Latin School. She was subsequently recruited by Princeton University, where she worked as research assistant under John N. Bahcall at the Institute for Advanced Study on Hubble Space Telescope Data Analysis of Quasar Spectrum Emission. She was a presenter at the Harvard AAVSO._NEWLINE_Persad later studied Mathematics and Physics at the University of Cambridge on a Commonwealth Scholarship. She entered the Ph.D. mathematics program at Rice University in 1995, but did not complete the program, instead taking a job at NASA's Johnson Space Center as a Martian Meteoroid Analyst during the Mars Pathfinder Mission._NEWLINE_Persad received a Highest Honor Award from the Society of Women Engineers. She was honored in the Presidential Scholars Program under President George H. W. Bush. She was awarded citations by Ted Kennedy of the United States Senate and Hazel R. O'Leary of the U.S. Department of Energy.  Working as a climatologist at Enron and Duke Energy, she recognized the needs of energy trading and weather risk management operatives. Seeing a gap in the availability of data for these industries, she went on to develop short, medium and long-range weather prediction systems which were peer-reviewed among academia and U.S. Department of Defense scientists and rigorously tested for the top meteorological broadcasting station in the Midwest. Her mathematical and scientific areas of interest have been in Space Physics and Defense Systems, Orbital Dynamics, Geospace and Climatology, Computational Modeling, and Predictive Analytics. She is regarded as a subject matter expert in Applied Mathematics, and she currently works on Classified Projects supported by the United States Department of Defense._NEWLINE_In 2009, Persad founded StatWeather, a weather and climate services corporation specializing in the novel application of Bayesian neural networks and artificial intelligence to automated forecasting systems. The results of this method came to attention of Platts and Energy Risk, winning StatWeather the 2013 Newcomer of the Year Award and ranking as a top global provider in the Weather Data Management category of Energy Risk Software Rankings.  Forbes, in an article on the future of innovation, reported that StatWeather "has managed to double the accuracy of weather forecasts."
His research areas include algorithmic economic market theory and game theory, string and pattern matching, amortization, parallelism, and network and routing problems. His notable research contributions include an optimal parallel algorithm for sorting in the PRAM model,  and an optimal analysis of the Boyer–Moore string-search algorithm.
Thorsten von Eicken, a former professor of computer science at Cornell University, left to manage systems architecture for Expertcity, the startup company that became Citrix Online. He was joined by RightScale CEO Michael Crandell, and RightScale Vice President of Engineering Rafael Saavedra._NEWLINE_RightScale received $4.5 million in venture capital in April 2008, $13 million in December 2008 and $25 million in September 2010._NEWLINE_On July 18, 2012, RightScale announced its acquisition of the Scotland-based PlanForCloud.com (formerly ShopForCloud.com), which provides a free cloud cost forecasting service._NEWLINE_RightScale introduced the Cloud Maturity Model with the release of its second annual State of the Cloud Report on April 25, 2013. The report findings are based on a RightScale survey of 625 IT decision makers and categorized according to the Cloud Maturity Model, which is an analysis and segmentation of companies based on their varying degrees of cloud adoption._NEWLINE_The company raised $15.6 million in February 2013._NEWLINE_On September 26, 2018, Flexera Software acquired RightScale for an undisclosed amount.
During his nearly 13 years service in Central Bureau of Investigation, India's Premier Investigation Agency, Khan was the face of the agency appearing regularly on national and international media, which at that time had been handling several high-profile cases, including Harshad Mehta finance scam, Rajiv Gandhi assassination, Bofors besides others._NEWLINE_Khan served as Press Secretary to the Hon’ble President of India (2002 to 2007) Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam. He dealt with National and International media during his stint in President House and acted as Chief Spokesman for the President of India and President House. Accompanied the President on official tours to different countries and within India._NEWLINE_Khan had also served government of India's Directorate of Film Festival(DFF) as Director for two years and was heading the coveted India International Film Festival. As Director, DFF he was also responsible for the National Film Awards and Dada Saheb Phalke Awards. He also represented India at the Cannes and Berlin Film Festival._NEWLINE_Khan has also served at the Press Information Bureau as a Director General and he currently is serving as the Press Registrar of India. He along with the then Minister of Information&Broadcasting Shri Prakash Javadekar released " Press In India "._NEWLINE_Mr. SM Khan on 12 January 2014 was elected as the Trustee, India Islamic Cultural Center established to promote mutual understanding and amity amongst the people of the country._NEWLINE_Mr S.M. Khan on 07.01.2019 has been elected as the Vice President, India Islamic Cultural Centre. He won the much hyped election very comfortably  _NEWLINE_Mr S.M.Khan is a member of the Aligarh Muslim University (court) and was also appointed recently appointed by the President of india as his nominee in the executive council of aligarh Muslim University _NEWLINE_Mr. Khan started the webcasting of news bulletins of Doordarshan News from the regional news centers.
The Wisdom of Sirach is a collection of ethical teachings. Thus Sirach, sometimes call Ecclesiasticus, closely resembles Proverbs, except that, unlike the latter, it is presented as the work of a single author, not an anthology of maxims drawn from various sources, presented in verse form. The question of which apothegms actually originated with Sirach is open to debate, although scholars tend to regard him as a compiler or anthologist._NEWLINE_The teachings are applicable to all conditions of life: to parents and children, to husbands and wives, to the young, to masters, to friends, to the rich, and to the poor. Many of them are rules of courtesy and politeness; and a still greater number contain advice and instruction as to the duties of man toward himself and others, especially the poor, as well as toward society and the state, and most of all toward God._NEWLINE_Wisdom, in Ben Sira's view, is synonymous with the fear of God, and sometimes is identified in his mind with adherence to the Mosaic law. The maxims are expressed in exact formulas, and are illustrated by striking images. They show a profound knowledge of the human heart, the disillusionment of experience, a fraternal sympathy with the poor and the oppressed._NEWLINE_By contrast, Sirach exhibits little compassion for either women or slaves. He advocates distrust and possessiveness over women, and the harsh treatment of slaves (which presupposes the validity of slavery as an institution), positions which are not only difficult for modern readers, but cannot be completely reconciled with the social milieu at the time of its composition._NEWLINE_The book contains the only instance in Biblical teaching of an explicit recommendation of physicians. This is a direct challenge against the traditional idea that illness and disease was seen as penalty for sin._NEWLINE_As in Ecclesiastes, two opposing tendencies war in the author: the faith and the morality of olden times, which are stronger than all argument, and an Epicureanism of modern date. Occasionally Sirach digresses to attack theories which he considers dangerous; for example, that man has no freedom of will, and that God is indifferent to the actions of mankind and does not reward virtue. Some of the refutations of these views are developed at considerable length._NEWLINE_Through these moralistic chapters runs the prayer of Israel imploring God to gather together his scattered children, to bring to fulfilment the predictions of the Prophets, and to have mercy upon his Temple and his people. The book concludes with a justification of God, whose wisdom and greatness are said to be revealed in all God's works as well as in the history of Israel. These chapters are completed by the author's signature, and are followed by two hymns, the latter apparently a sort of alphabetical acrostic._NEWLINE_Of particular interest to biblical scholars are Chapters 44–50, in which Ben Sira praises "men of renown, and our fathers in their generation", starting from the antediluvian Enoch and continuing through to "Simon, the high priest, son of Onias" (300–270 BCE).  Within this recitation, Ben Sira identifies, either directly or indirectly, each of the books of the Old Testament that would eventually become canonical, with the apparent exception of only Ezra, Daniel, Ruth, Esther, and perhaps Chronicles. The ability to date the composition of Sirach within a few years given the autobiographical hints of Ben Sira and his grandson (author of the introduction to the work) provides great insight regarding the historical development and evolution of the Jewish canon.
The Skolelinux project was started on July 2, 2001. Twenty-five computer programmers and translators agreed to improve the use of software in education. They disliked that the next generation of computer users were not able to have access to source code, arguing that children who are interested should be able to learn from expert programmers to create their own software. Other developers, especially the translators, were interested in providing computer programs in the students' native languages. These developers thought that students should be able to navigate the internet by having "road signs" they would understand._NEWLINE_The Skolelinux project was associated with the member organisation "Linux in schools", which was founded on July 16, 2001. "Linux in schools" later changed its name to "Free Software in Schools" by the annual meeting on October 16, 2004. German teachers, developers and translators joined Skolelinux throughout 2002. In 2003, Skolelinux was included step-by-step as a standard part of Debian._NEWLINE_Since 2003, many developers from around the world have joined the project, with developers in France, Greece and Germany being the most active. The Skolelinux project also cooperates with many other free educational software projects such as LTSP, gnuLinEx, Edubuntu, K12LTSP, KDE, Gnome, Firefox and OpenOffice.org. Similar organisations have also been established in Spain, Germany, Latvia, France, Brasil and Denmark._NEWLINE_Skolelinux has been a major contributor to rewriting the Debian-Installer. In addition, Skolelinux has conducted extensive development and testing of thin clients and diskless workstations as a part of the new LTSP version 5._NEWLINE_A total of 214 schools using Skolelinux are currently listed on the DebianEdu Wiki. This case study of implementing Skolelinux at a school in Greece is typical of user experiences.
She grew up in rural Louisiana, and is "a serious hockey player."_NEWLINE_She graduated from Louisiana State University with a B.S. and from the University of North Carolina with a Ph.D._NEWLINE_Dr. Murphy was an Assistant and Associate Professor of Statistics at Pennsylvania State University from fall 1989 to fall 1997. She was an Associate and full Professor of Statistics at the University of Michigan from spring 1998 to summer 2017. She is a Professor of Statistics at Harvard University as of fall 2017. She is also a principal investigator at The Methodology Center, at Penn State._NEWLINE_She is developing "new methodologies to evaluate courses of treatment for individuals coping with chronic or relapsing disorders ... Murphy’s Sequential Multiple Assignment Randomized Trial (SMART) is a means for learning how best to dynamically adapt treatment to each individual’s response over time. Using SMART, clinicians assess and modify patients’ treatments during the trial, an approach with potential applications in the treatment of a range of chronic diseases—such as ADHD, alcoholism, drug addiction, HIV/AIDS, and cardiovascular disease—that involve therapies that are regularly reconsidered and replaced as the disease progresses._NEWLINE_She is the Professor of Statistics at Harvard University. She is also a Professor Computer Science at the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences and Radcliffe Alumnae Professor at the Radcliffe Institute, Harvard University.
The Tabeo is a discontinued tablet computer developed by Toys "R" Us that runs on a version of the Android 4.0 operating system. Tabeo is officially at "End of Life" status, meaning the company is no longer providing support for the original Tabeo and Tabeo E2. Though some of the E2 devices seem to have been sold in Mexico, this seems to have happened to devices that were returned to the reseller. Tabeo is no longer fulfilling warranty repair or replacements, as the company has not produced a new device in 3 years. The company is also no longer providing assistance with any issues that may arise with the device, as the device is considerably Out of Warranty. All support has been discontinued._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_It was specifically designed with children in mind, allows parents to implement parental controls, and has 50 apps pre-installed. More than 6000 other apps, all considered to be safe for children, are available on the Tabeo App Store. It has a 7-inch screen and 4 gigabytes of built-in storage space, but is capable of supporting SDHC cards with up to 32 gigabytes of space. It was released on October 21, 2012.
Classified by the Carnegie Foundation in 2016 as one of only 115 research universities with "highest activity", Texas Tech University hosts 71 research centers and institutes. In 2008, a team of researchers from Texas Tech University and Harvard University announced the development of an siRNA-based treatment that may ultimately counteract the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Human cells infected with HIV, injected into rats, have been cured by the experimental treatment. Clinical trials on humans are expected to begin by 2010. Texas Tech researchers also hold the exclusive license for HemoTech, a human blood substitute composed of bovine hemoglobin. HemoBioTech, the company marketing the technology, believes HemoTech will diminish the intrinsic toxicities that have stifled previous attempts to develop a human blood substitute. On January 14, 2008, Texas Tech University announced the creation of the West Texas Influenza Research Center. The university has concluded human clinical testing of oral interferon in a five-year study of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and continues its study of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease._NEWLINE_Following the May 11, 1970, Lubbock Tornado that caused 26 fatalities and over $645 million (2013 dollars) in damage in Lubbock, the National Wind Institute (formerly the Wind Science and Engineering Research Center or WISE) was established. The National Wind Institute Center, which includes 56,000 square feet (5,200 m²) of indoor laboratory space, is focused on research, education, and information outreach. The interdisciplinary research program studies methods to exploit the beneficial qualities of wind and to mitigate its detrimental effects. The center offers education in wind science and engineering to develop professionals who are experts in creating designs which deal effectively with problems caused by high winds. The Center instituted the nation's first Ph.D program in Wind Science and Engineering in 2003. National Wind Institute researchers contributed significantly to the development of the Enhanced Fujita Scale for rating the strength of tornadoes._NEWLINE_Texas Tech has made numerous contributions to NASA projects. Daniel Cooke, Computer Science Department Chair, and his colleagues are working to develop the technical content of the Intelligent Systems Program, and have been awarded a five-year budget valued at $350 million. University scientists have also teamed with NASA's guidance, navigation, and control engineers to develop the Onboard Abort Executive (OAE), software capable of quickly deciding the best course of action during an ascent failure. The Texas Tech Space Research Initiative has also partnered with NASA to perfect methods for growing fresh vegetables in space and to determine the most efficient ways to recycle wastewater.  In November 1996, the university dedicated the Charles A. Bassett II Pulse Laboratory to honor engineering alumnus and Gemini-era astronaut Charles A. Bassett II.  In total, Texas Tech has helped to produce three astronauts: Bassett, Paul Lockhart, and Rick Husband; Husband was commander of STS-107, the final flight of Space Shuttle Columbia._NEWLINE_In 2008, the pulsed power electronics laboratory received $4 million in federal funding. Among other things, the money will be used to create compact generators for weapon systems designed to destroy improvised explosive devices (IEDs). The College of Engineering's Nano Tech Center has received approximately $20 million in grants toward its work in applied nanophotonics, the creation and manipulation of advanced materials at the nanoscale that can produce and sense light. Texas Tech's Center for Advanced Analytics and Business Intelligence performs grid computing research through collaboration with the SAS Institute that seeks to improve the speed with which large quantities of data (such as those present in genomics and global economics) can be processed._NEWLINE_Texas Tech's College of Agricultural Science and Natural Resources has received state and federal grants for research projects including the fiber properties of cotton, the antibacterial properties of cotton fabric, and the development of chemical-warfare protective fabrics. The college has also created two grass variants, Shadow Turf, a drought-tolerant turf grass that thrives in shade, and Tech Turf (marketed as Turffalo), a turf grass with the rich color and texture of Bermuda and the resilience of buffalo grass.
Some fans consider the sound quality of the recording, most notably on CD to be substandard. Although the 1980 album was acclaimed upon release, there were many complaints about the CD version. While the first UK version used single mono mixes sent from Columbia's studios, this was not the case with the CD version later issued in the USA. Compiler and Byrds biographer Johnny Rogan (whose liner notes appeared on all issued) was not involved in the CD version which clearly did not include the original version of 'Why' (the B-side of 'Eight Miles High') but instead featured the version from 1967's "Younger Than Yesterday".
Thuravoor Mahakshethram, an ancient Devasthanam located by the side of NH-47, approximately 25 km south of Kochi city, is the sacred abode of Lord Sree Narasimhamoorthy and Lord Sree Mahasudarsanamoorthy.  The entire temple complex can be seen from the road._NEWLINE_Two separate Sanctom Sanctoroms in close proximity - within the same compound - reflect the synthesis of a unique and mysterious divine power.  The idol of Sree Narasimhamoorthy is said to have originated in the holy city of Kashi (Varanasi).  Swami Padmapadar (8th century AD), the principal disciple of Adi Sankaracharya, had worshipped the very same idol at Kashi._NEWLINE_Distinctive in its architectural and artistic grandeur, Thuravoor Mahakshethram is one of the most venerated places of worship in Kerala.  Twin Sreekovils (Sanctom Sanctoroms) - one square and the other circular shaped - in a single Nalambalam, two gold-plated flagmasts that tower into the skies, a majestically tall Anapandhal (elephant rostrum, the largest in Kerala) and a strict regimen of observances of vrathas for the priests, days after days of rituals and festivals, chanting of Vedic hymns and presentation of learned discourses on Puranas throughout the year... all these attract streams of devotees to the temple from within and outside the state. Vedi - vazhivadu is one of the popular vazhivadu or offerings in the temple._NEWLINE_Of the two temples here, it is believed that the one dedicated to Sudarsanamoorthy was the first to come into existence. Though there is no record of its origin, the temple is estimated to be over 1300 years old.  There are scholars who hold that the circular-shaped Sreekovil belongs to the Thretha Yuga; according to others, its origin dates back to the Dwapara Yuga.  Some palm leaf texts on the temple do exist, but nobody has yet been able to understand or decipher them._NEWLINE_As for the Narasimhamoorthy temple, records do show that it came into being sometime in the 7th century AD, during the reign of a Chera king named Keralendran.  His guru was the great Muringottu Adigal, a well-known Tulu Brahmin priest and scholar._NEWLINE_Geographically, the temple site belongs to the formerly Princely State of Cochin. However, it subsequently came under the purview of Travancore State for certain political reasons. But this transition was subject to an important proviso:  if a Travancore king were ever to set foot on the Mahakshethra soil, the temple would be immediately restored to Cochin.  Therefore, for a long time, no Travancore king visited the temple.  In 1951, with the merger of Travancore and Cochin and coronation of Sree Chithira Thirunal, the Maharaja visited the temple - the first time for a Travancore king to do so. He walked to the temple over a carpet to avoid stepping directly on the ground._NEWLINE_Daily routine/rituals like puja, kazhagam are entrusted to some designated families. Even now also puja has to be carried out by five vaishnava Tulu Brahmin families, say Adukathaya (Adukkam), Kubanuraya (Konoor), Padakannaya (Parakode), Khajanaya (Kasha)and Nalluraya/Kadamannaya (Nallur) of Kasargode District of Kerala._NEWLINE_Great seers and saints such as Jagadguru Sankaracharya of Sringeri - Sree Bharathi Theertha Swamigal, Jagadguru Sankaracharya of Kanchi - Sree Jayendra Saraswathy, Sankaracharya of Puri - Sree Adhokshajananda Swamigal, Uduppi Pejavar Math head - Sree Visweswara Theertha Swamigal and the Jiyar of Ahobilamath - Sree Sadagopa Narayana Yatheendra Swamigal - have all visited and experienced the spiritual and devotional grandeur of this fabled Devasthanam._NEWLINE_Thuravoor Mahakshethram is now one of the important transit-camps (Edathavalam) for the Ayappa devotees during the Sabarimala pilgrimage season. The temple is administered by the Travancore Devasom Board. The Devasom guest house and a large spacious hall for conducting religious discourses, marriage functions are also located just near the southern gate of the temple._NEWLINE_The 29-th Akhila Bharath SriMad Bhagavath Mahasathram, a fourteen-day non stop religious discourse camp or Mahasathram was held at Thuravoor Mahakesthram from 2 April 2012 to 14 April 2012. The Bhagavata Sathram is a conglomeration of learned rishis, priests, scholars and devotees to share their knowledge and experiences on Bhagavatam and everybody can take part in the Bhajans, discussions and deliberations on the teachings of "Sreemad Bhagavatam". The gracious presence of Lord Guruvayoorappan was there at the venue of the Sathram on all the days. It was a divine opportunity for the Devotees to attend the Sathram and offer their prayers and be blessed by Lord Guruvayoorappan. Bhagavatha acharyas and scholars from all over the country participated and rendered their scholarly discourses to the devotees, dedicated to Lord Guruvayoorappan.
When it was originally introduced in 1971, IBM considered time-sharing an "optional feature", as compared to standard batch processing, and hence offered TSO as an option for OS/360 MVT. With the introduction of MVS in 1974, IBM made it a standard component of their top-end mainframe operating system. TSO/E ("Time Sharing Option/Extensions") is a set of extensions to the original TSO. TSO/E is a base element of z/OS. Before z/OS, TSO Extensions (TSO/E) was an element of OS/390 and was a licensed program for the MVS and MVS/ESA System Products. Since all z/OS installations usually have both TSO and TSO/E functions installed, it is normal to refer to both TSO and TSO/E as "TSO"._NEWLINE_When first released, TSO module names always had the "prefix" IKJ, plus the second and third letters of the associated pre-TSO functional group (IEA = original functional group of "supervisor", hence a TSO module name of IKJEAxxx, IEB = original functional group of "dataset utilities", hence a TSO module name of IKJEBxxx, etc.).
The show features four sketches, with the first acting as bookends. Ullman plays a total of eleven characters; she's accompanied in the sketches by Monty Python alum Michael Palin who also plays multiple parts._NEWLINE_The show introduced viewers to characters that would go on to be featured in Ullman's subsequent American comedy special and HBO television series: gay flight attendant Trevor Ayliss, wife to a conservative MP, Virginia Bugge, and future magazine editor, Janie Pillsworth and her mother, Jacqueline.  _NEWLINE_A Class Act aired on HBO in the United States on November 23, 1993. It acted as a follow-up to Ullman's American HBO comedy special, Tracey Ullman Takes on New York. The HBO cut of the special opens with Ullman ("Filling in for Alistair Cooke") explaining the English class system to the American audience.
Trygve Mikkjel Heyerdahl Reenskaug (born 21 June 1930) is a Norwegian computer scientist and professor emeritus of the University of Oslo. He formulated the model–view–controller (MVC) pattern for graphical user interface (GUI) software design in 1979 while visiting the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center (PARC). His first major software project, "Autokon," produced a successful CAD/CAM program which was first used in 1963, and continued in use by shipyards worldwide for more than 30 years._NEWLINE_Reenskaug described his early Smalltalk and object oriented conceptual efforts as follows:_NEWLINE_MVC was conceived as a general solution to the problem of users controlling a large and complex data set. The hardest part was to hit upon good names for the different architectural components. Model-View-Editor was the first set. After long discussions, particularly with Adele Goldberg, we ended with the terms Model-View-Controller._NEWLINE_He has been extensively involved in research into object oriented methods and developed the Object Oriented Role Analysis and Modeling (OOram) and the OOram tool in 1983. He founded the information technology company Taskon in 1986, which developed tools based on OOram. The OOram ideas matured and evolved substantially into the BabyUML project, which culminated in the creation of the Data, Context, and Interaction (DCI) paradigm._NEWLINE_Reenskaug wrote the book Working With Objects: The OOram Software Engineering Method with co-authors Per Wold and Odd Arild Lehne._NEWLINE_Later he wrote a virtual machine for Unified Modeling Language (UML). Currently he is professor emeritus of informatics at the University of Oslo.
Turks in the former Soviet Union were a relatively small minority within the Soviet Union. However, their presence is considered important within Turkology due to the deportation of thousands of Turks from their home countries. Under the Ottoman Empire, Samtskhe-Javakheti was heavily Islamised producing a Turkish ethnicity within the southwestern region of Georgia. In November 1944, up to 120,000 of these Turks were deported to Central Asia under the rule of Joseph Stalin.
The outbreak of war in the Far East on 8 December 1941, 7 December east of the Date Line, found Asheville at anchor in Manila Bay. Soon after receiving a priority radio dispatch at 0340 on that day telling of hostilities with Japan, Asheville got underway for Mariveles Bay and, over the next two days, conducted patrols off Corregidor. At 1300 on 10 December, while operating on patrol station "Cast", her men noted bomb explosions in the direction of Cavite Navy Yard. Observing 27 Japanese bombers, land attack planes from the Takao and 1st Kōkūtai, headed to seaward from Cavite soon thereafter, Asheville manned her air-defense stations as guns on Corregidor opened fire on the enemy._NEWLINE_Following the Japanese attacks on the Philippines, Admiral Hart sent Asheville, and other surface ships, south from Manila Bay to the "Malay Barrier". By and large, only tenders and submarines remained in Philippine waters. Asheville stood out of Manila Bay a half hour into the mid watch on 11 December 1941, and, steaming via the Celebes Sea and Balikpapan, Borneo, ultimately reached Surabaya, Java, three days after Christmas of 1941.
She was eventually based at Tjilatjap, on Java's south coast. When Japanese planes bombed and heavily damaged Langley south of Java on 27 February 1942, Asheville was one of the ships sent to her assistance; she returned to port soon thereafter, the seaplane tender's survivors being picked up by other ships._NEWLINE_As the Allied defense crumbled under the relentless Japanese onslaught, however, the Allied naval command was dissolved. On the morning of 1 March 1942, Vice Admiral William A. Glassford, Commander, Southwest Pacific Force, formerly the US Asiatic Fleet, ordered the remaining American naval vessels to retire to Australian waters.
Asheville, Lieutenant Jacob W. Britt in command, cleared Tjilatjap a little before 1500 on 1 March 1942, bound for Fremantle. In the late afternoon on 2 March, she was seen by the Australian corvette Bendigo, heading for Australia.  At 0615, Tulsa sighted a ship, and identified her as Asheville, probably the last time the latter was in sight of friendly forces. During the forenoon watch on 3 March, Asheville radioed "being attacked," some 300 nmi (560 km; 350 mi) south of Java. The minesweeper Whippoorwill heard the initial distress call and turned toward the reported position some 90 nmi (170 km; 100 mi) away. When a second report specified that the ship was being attacked by a surface vessel, however, Whippoorwill's captain, Lieutenant Commander Charles R. Ferriter, reasoning correctly that "any surface vessel that could successfully attack the Asheville would be too much" for his own command, ordered the minesweeper to resume her voyage to Australia._NEWLINE_Asheville, presumed lost, was stricken from the Navy list on 8 May 1942. Not until after World War II, however, did the story of her last battle emerge, when a survivor of the heavy cruiser Houston, told of meeting, in prison camp, Fireman 1st Class Fred L. Brown. Hampered by engine troubles and sailing alone, Asheville was discovered on 3 March 1942 by a shipborne scout plane south of Java and overtaken by a Japanese surface force, led by Vice Admiral Nobutake Kondō, consisting of the destroyers Arashi and Nowaki, and the heavy cruiser Maya. As the cruiser stood by, the two Japanese destroyers closed and engaged Asheville at close range with their guns. After an intense 30-minute gun battle, the smoldering hulk of Asheville, her forecastle and bridge almost completely shot away, finally sank. Brown, an 18-year-old from Ft. Wayne, Indiana, had been in the gunboat's fire room when the surface force had overtaken the ship. Many men topside were dead by the time Brown arrived topside to abandon ship. After calling to ask if there was an officer among the swimmers, a sailor on board one of the enemy destroyers threw out a line, which Brown grasped and was hauled on board. Asheville's only known survivor perished in the Japanese Makassar prisoner-of-war camp on 18 March 1945, in the Celebes Islands of the Netherlands East Indies.
When the Regents of the University of California originally authorized the San Diego campus in 1956, it was planned to be a graduate and research institution, providing instruction in the sciences, mathematics, and engineering. Local citizens supported the idea, voting the same year to transfer to the university 59 acres (24 ha) of mesa land on the coast near the preexisting Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The Regents requested an additional gift of 550 acres (220 ha) of undeveloped mesa land northeast of Scripps, as well as 500 acres (200 ha) on the former site of Camp Matthews from the federal government, but Roger Revelle, then director of Scripps Institution and main advocate for establishing the new campus, jeopardized the site selection by exposing the La Jolla community's exclusive real estate business practices, which were antagonistic to minority racial and religious groups. This outraged local conservatives, as well as Regent Edwin W. Pauley. UC President Clark Kerr satisfied San Diego city donors by changing the proposed name from University of California, La Jolla, to University of California, San Diego. The city voted in agreement to its part in 1958, and the UC approved construction of the new campus in 1960. Because of the clash with Pauley, Revelle was not made chancellor. Herbert York, first director of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, was designated instead. York planned the main campus according to the "Oxbridge" model, relying on many of Revelle's ideas._NEWLINE_UC San Diego was the first general campus of the University of California to be designed "from the top down" in terms of research emphasis. Local leaders disagreed on whether the new school should be a technical research institute or a more broadly based school that included undergraduates as well. John Jay Hopkins of General Dynamics Corporation pledged one million dollars for the former while the City Council offered free land for the latter. The original authorization for the San Diego campus given by the UC Regents in 1956 approved a "graduate program in science and technology" that included undergraduate programs, a compromise that won both the support of General Dynamics and the city voters' approval. Nobel laureate Harold Urey, a physicist from the University of Chicago, and Hans Suess, who had published the first paper on the greenhouse effect with Revelle in the previous year, were early recruits to the faculty in 1958. Maria Goeppert-Mayer, later the second female Nobel laureate in physics, was appointed professor of physics in 1960. The graduate division of the school opened in 1960 with 20 faculty in residence, with instruction offered in the fields of physics, biology, chemistry, and earth science. Before the main campus completed construction, classes were held in the Scripps Institution of Oceanography._NEWLINE_By 1963, new facilities on the mesa had been finished for the School of Science and Engineering, and new buildings were under construction for Social Sciences and Humanities. Ten additional faculty in those disciplines were hired, and the whole site was designated the First College, later renamed after Roger Revelle, of the new campus. York resigned as chancellor that year and was replaced by John Semple Galbraith. The undergraduate program accepted its first class of 181 freshman at Revelle College in 1964. Second College was founded in 1964, on the land deeded by the federal government, and named after environmentalist John Muir two years later. The School of Medicine also accepted its first students in 1966._NEWLINE_Political theorist Herbert Marcuse joined the faculty in 1965. A champion of the New Left, he reportedly was the first protester to occupy the administration building in a demonstration organized by his student, political activist Angela Davis. The American Legion offered to buy out the remainder of Marcuse's contract for $20,000; the Regents censured Chancellor McGill for defending Marcuse on the basis of academic freedom, but further action was averted after local leaders expressed support for Marcuse. Further student unrest was felt at the university, as the United States increased its involvement in the Vietnam War during the early 1960s, when a student raised a Viet Minh flag over the campus. Protests escalated as the war continued and were only exacerbated after the National Guard fired on student protesters at Kent State University in 1970. Over 200 students occupied Urey Hall, with one student setting himself on fire in protest of the war._NEWLINE_Early research activity and faculty quality, notably in the sciences, was integral to shaping the focus and culture of the university. Even before UC San Diego had its own campus, faculty recruits had already made significant research breakthroughs, such as the Keeling Curve, a graph that plots rapidly increasing carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere and was the first significant evidence for global climate change; the Kohn–Sham equations, used to investigate particular atoms and molecules in quantum chemistry; and the Miller–Urey experiment, which gave birth to the field of prebiotic chemistry. Engineering, particularly computer science, became an important part of the university's academics as it matured. University researchers helped develop UCSD Pascal, an early machine-independent programming language that later heavily influenced Java, the National Science Foundation Network, a precursor to the Internet, and the Network News Transfer Protocol during the late 1970s to 1980s. In economics, the methods for analyzing economic time series with time-varying volatility (ARCH), and with common trends (cointegration) were developed. UC San Diego maintained its research intense character after its founding, racking up 25 Nobel Laureates affiliated within 50 years of history; a rate of four per decade._NEWLINE_Under Richard C. Atkinson's leadership as chancellor from 1980 to 1995, the university strengthened its ties with the city of San Diego by encouraging technology transfer with developing companies, transforming San Diego into a world leader in technology-based industries. He oversaw a rapid expansion of the School of Engineering, later renamed after Qualcomm founder Irwin M. Jacobs, with the construction of the San Diego Supercomputer Center and establishment of the computer science, electrical engineering, and bioengineering departments. Private donations increased from $15 million to nearly $50 million annually, faculty expanded by nearly 50%, and enrollment doubled to about 18,000 students during his administration. By the end of his chancellorship, the quality of UC San Diego graduate programs was ranked 10th in the nation by the National Research Council._NEWLINE_The university continued to undergo further expansion during the first decade of the new millennium with the establishment and construction of two new professional schools — the Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Rady School of Management—and the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology, a research institute run jointly with UC Irvine. UC San Diego also reached two financial milestones during this time, becoming the first university in the western region to raise over $1 billion in its eight-year fundraising campaign in 2007 and also obtaining an additional $1 billion through research contracts and grants in a single fiscal year for the first time in 2010. Despite this, due to the California budget crisis, the university loaned $40 million against its own assets in 2009 to offset a significant reduction in state educational appropriations. The salary of Pradeep Khosla, who became chancellor in 2012, has been the subject of controversy amidst continued budget cuts and tuition increases._NEWLINE_On November 27, 2017, the university announced it would leave its longtime athletic home of the California Collegiate Athletic Association, an NCAA Division II league, to begin a transition to Division I in 2020. At that time, it will join the Big West Conference, already home to four other UC campuses (Davis, Irvine, Riverside, Santa Barbara). The transition period will run through the 2023–24 school year.
Recognized as a Public Ivy, UC San Diego is a highly regarded research institution, ranked 11th in the world by the Nature Index, 14th in the world by the Scrimago Institutions Rankings, 14th in the world by the Lens Metric, 14th best university in the world according to TBS Rankings, 16th in U.S. News & World Report 's 2017 global university rankings, 15th best university in the world by Webometrics Ranking of World Universities, 15th in the world by the Academic Ranking of World Universities, 16th best university in the world by the Centre for Science and Technology Studies of Leiden University Ranking, 18th in the world by the Center for World University Rankings, 18th in the world by University Ranking by Academic Performance, and 5th best public university in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings._NEWLINE_The University of California San Diego is ranked 15th by the Academic Ranking of World Universities, and is ranked 17th "Best University in the World" by the Center for World University Rankings for 2016. U.S. News & World Report named UC San Diego the 15th best university in the world for 2017 for research, global and regional reputation, international collaboration and number of highly cited papers. In 2017, UC San Diego was ranked 30th in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings. UC San Diego was also ranked 38th overall in the world, and 11th in biological sciences, 16th in life sciences and medicine, 19th in economics and econometrics, 31st in mathematics, and 44th in computer science and information systems by QS World University Rankings. In 2015 the Centre for Science and Technology Studies at Leiden University named UC San Diego 16th in the world for scientific impact.
Departmental rankings (including specialties) in the national top 10 according to the 2018 U.S. News & World Report Best Graduate Schools report include biomedical engineering/bioengineering (2nd);  neuroscience/neurobiology (2nd); biochemistry(10th); discrete mathematics and combinatorics (3rd); plasma physics (7th); econometrics (4th); public finance (8th); political science (9th); international politics (4th); comparative politics (4th); behavioral neuroscience (4th); cognitive psychology (8th); and time-based media/new media (3rd)._NEWLINE_Departmental rankings in the global top 10 according to the 2015 U.S. News & World Report Best Graduate Schools report include: biology and biochemistry (6th); molecular biology and genetics (8th); neuroscience and behavior (6th); pharmacology and toxicology (5th); and psychiatry and psychology (8th)._NEWLINE_Departmental rankings in the global top 20 according to the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) for 2015 include chemistry (18th); computer science (14th); and economics/business (19th)._NEWLINE_Departmental rankings in the global top 20 according to the QS World University Rankings for 2015 include earth and marine sciences (13th); biological sciences (14th); economics and econometrics (18th); and pharmacy and pharmacology (20th). Additional rankings within the global top 40 include politics and international studies (21st); medicine (22nd); mathematics (28th); linguistics (31st); and electrical engineering (34th)._NEWLINE_ScienceWatch placed UC San Diego 1st in social psychology, 2nd in oceanography, 3rd in international relations, 5th in molecular biology and genetics, 17th in engineering, and 18th in Neuroscience and Behavior using non-survey, quantitative based metrics to determine research impact._NEWLINE_The Hollywood Reporter listed the graduate theatre program among the top ten drama schools over 2016 (6th), 2017 (5th), and 2018 (4th).
In addition to the university's Illinois Online platform, in 2015 the university entered into a partnership with the Silicon Valley educational technology company Coursera to offer a series of master's degrees and specialization courses, currently including more than 70 joint learning classes. In August 2015, the Master of Business Administration (iMBA) program was launched through the platform. On March 31, 2016, Coursera announced the launch of the Master of Computer Science in Data Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. At the time, the university's computer-science graduate program was ranked fifth in the United States by U.S. News & World Report. On March 29, 2017, the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign launched their Master's in Accounting (iMSA) program, now called the Master of Science in Accountancy (iMSA) program. The iMSA program is led through live sessions, headed by UIUC faculty._NEWLINE_Similar to the university's on-campus admission policies, the online master's degrees offered by The University of Illinois through Coursera also have strict admission requirements.  All applicants must hold a bachelor's degree, and have earned a 3.0 GPA or higher in the last two years of study. Additionally, all applicants must prove their proficiency in English.
The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is often regarded as a world-leading magnet for engineering and sciences (both applied and basic). Having been classified into the category comprehensive doctoral with medical/veterinary and very high research activity, by The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, Illinois offers a wide range of disciplines in undergraduate and postgraduate programs. It is also listed as one of the Top 25 American Research Universities by The Center for Measuring University Performance. Beside annual influx of grants and sponsored projects, the university manages an extensive modern research infrastructure. The university has been a leader in computer based education and hosted the PLATO project, which was a precursor to the internet and resulted in the development of the plasma display.  Illinois was a 2nd-generation ARPAnet site in 1971 and was the first institution to license the UNIX operating system from Bell Labs.
In Bill Gates' February 24, 2004 talk as part of his Five Campus Tour (Harvard, MIT, Cornell, Carnegie-Mellon and Illinois) titled "Software Breakthroughs: Solving the Toughest Problems in Computer Science," he mentioned that Microsoft hires more graduates from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign than from any other university in the world. Alumnus William M. Holt, a Senior Vice-President of Intel, also mentioned in a campus talk on September 27, 2007, entitled "R&D to Deliver Practical Results: Extending Moore's Law" that Intel hires more PhD graduates from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign than from any other university in the country._NEWLINE_In 2007, the university-hosted research Institute for Condensed Matter Theory (ICMT) was launched, with the director Paul Goldbart and the chief scientist Anthony Leggett. ICMT is currently located at the Engineering Science Building on campus._NEWLINE_The University Professional and Continuing Education Association (UPCEA), which recognizes excellence in both individual and institutional achievements, has awarded two awards to U of I.
25 alumni and faculty members of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign have won a Pulitzer Prize. As of 2017, the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign alumni, faculty, and researchers include 30 Nobel laureates (including 11 alumni). In particular, John Bardeen is the only person to have won two Nobel prizes in physics, having done so in 1956 and 1972 while on faculty at the university. In 2003, two faculty members won Nobel prizes in different disciplines: Paul C. Lauterbur for physiology or medicine, and Anthony Leggett for physics._NEWLINE_Fazlur Rahman Khan, considered to be the preeminent structural engineer of the 20th century, is an alumnus. Khan had been responsible for the engineering design of many major architectural projects, such as the 100-story John Hancock Center, and the 110-story Willis Tower (formerly known as Sears Tower). Richard Hamming, known for the Hamming code and Hamming distance, is also an alumnus._NEWLINE_The alumni of the university have created companies and products such as Netscape Communications (formerly Mosaic) (Marc Andreessen), AMD (Jerry Sanders), PayPal (Max Levchin), Playboy (Hugh Hefner), National Football League (George Halas), Siebel Systems (Thomas Siebel), Mortal Kombat (Ed Boon), CDW (Michael Krasny), YouTube (Steve Chen and Jawed Karim), THX (Tomlinson Holman), Andreessen Horowitz (Marc Andreessen), Oracle (Larry Ellison and Bob Miner), Lotus (Ray Ozzie), Yelp! (Jeremy Stoppelman and Russel Simmons), Safari (Dave Hyatt), Firefox (Joe Hewitt), W. W. Grainger (William Wallace Grainger), Delta Air Lines (C. E. Woolman), Beckman Instruments (Arnold Beckman), BET (Robert L. Johnson), and Tesla Motors (Martin Eberhard)._NEWLINE_Alumni and faculty have invented the LED and the quantum well laser (Nick Holonyak, B.S. 1950, M.S. 1951, Ph.D. 1954), DSL (John Cioffi, B.S. 1978), JavaScript (Brendan Eich, M.S. 1986), the integrated circuit (Jack Kilby, B.S. 1947), the transistor (John Bardeen, faculty, 1951–1991), the pH meter (Arnold Beckman, B.S. 1922, M.S. 1923), MRI (Paul C. Lauterbur), the plasma screen (Donald Bitzer, B.S. 1955, M.S. 1956, Ph.D. 1960), color plasma display (Larry F. Weber B.S. 1968 M.S. 1971 Ph.D. 1975), the training methodology called PdEI and the coin counter (James P. Liautaud B.S. 1963), the statistical algorithm called Gibbs sampling in computer vision and the machine learning technique called random forests (Donald Geman, B.A. 1965), and are responsible for the structural design of such buildings as the Willis Tower, the John Hancock Center, and the Burj Khalifa._NEWLINE_Alumni have also led several companies, including BitTorrent (Eric Klinker), Renaissance Technologies (Robert Mercer), Ticketmaster, McDonald's, Goldman Sachs, BP, Kodak, Shell, General Motors, Playboy, AT&T, General Electric,  and Flipkart._NEWLINE_Alumni have founded many organizations, including the Susan G. Komen for the Cure and Project Gutenberg, and have served in a wide variety of government and public interest roles. Rafael Correa, President of The Republic of Ecuador since January 2006 secured his M.S. and PhD degrees from the university's Economics Department in 1999 and 2001 respectively. Nathan C. Ricker attended U of I and in 1873 was the first person to graduate in the United States with a degree in Architecture. Mary L. Page, the first woman to obtain a degree in architecture, also graduated from U of I. Disability rights activist and co-organizer of the 504 Sit-in, Kitty Cone, attended during the 1960s, but left 6 hours short of her degree to continue her activism in New York. In sports, baseball pitcher Ken Holtzman was a two-time All Star major leaguer, and threw two no-hitters in his career._NEWLINE_Eta Kappa Nu (HKN) was founded as the national honor society for electrical engineering in 1904.  Maurice LeRoy Carr (B.S. 1905) and Edmund B. Wheeler (B.S. 1905) were part of the founding group of ten students and they served as the first and second national presidents of HKN. The Eta Kappa Nu organization is now the international honor society for IEEE as the IEEE-Eta Kappa Nu (IEEE-HKN).  The U of I collegiate chapter is known as the Alpha Chapter of HKN._NEWLINE_</ref>
Over the last twenty years state funding for the university has fallen from 44.5% to 16.4%. Private philanthropy increasingly supplements revenue from tuition and state funding, currently providing about 19% of the annual budget. Notable among significant donors, alumnus entrepreneur Thomas M. Siebel has committed nearly $150 million to the university including $36 million to build the Thomas M. Siebel Center for Computer Science and the Grainger Foundation founded by alumnus W. W. Grainger has contributed more than $300 million to the university over the last half-century.
Unlike most other forms of media like books, art and photography, and film which can be preserved in a variety of formats that are not ladened with intellectual property (IP) issue, video games typically require specialized and/or proprietary computer hardware and software to read and execute game software. However, as technology advances, these older game systems become obsolete, no longer produced nor maintained to use for executing games. The media formats of the early days of computer gaming, relying on floppy discs and CD-ROMs, suffers from disc rot and degrade over time, making it difficult to recover information. Further, video games tend to rely on other resources like operating systems, network connectivity, and external servers outside control of users, and making sure these boundary aspects to a video game are preserved along with the game are also essential._NEWLINE_One period of the video game industry that has received a great deal of attention is up through the 1980's. As a result of the video game crash of 1983, many companies involved in developing games folded or were acquired by other companies. In this process, the source code for many games prior to the crash were lost or destroyed, leaving only previously-sold copies of games on their original format as evidence of their existence.
Video game console emulators use software that replicates the hardware of a video game console or arcade machine. Generally these create a virtual machine on newer computer systems that simulate the key processing units of the original hardware. The emulators then can read in software, such as a ROM image for arcade games or cartridge-based systems, or the game's optical media disc or an ISO image of that disc, to play the game in full.  _NEWLINE_Emulation has been used in some official capacity on newer consoles. Nintendo's Virtual Console allows games from its earlier consoles and other third-parties to be played on its newer ones. Sony had originally released the PlayStation 3 with backwards compatibility with PlayStation 1 and PlayStation 2 games if players had the original media, but have transitioned to selling emulated games in its PlayStation Store as well as offering the PlayStation Now cloud gaming service that allows PlayStation 3 games to be played on other devices including the PlayStation 4 and compatible personal computers. Microsoft has created a backwards compatibility program through emulation to allow selected Xbox 360 titles to be played on the Xbox One if they own the original game and have made some of these titles available for purchase through Xbox Live. Former console hardware companies such as Sega and Atari have released emulation-based collections of their games for multiple systems._NEWLINE_In the PC space, emulation of either a game engine or full operating system are available. In these cases, players are expected to own copies of the game to use the content files. DOSBox emulates a complete IBM PC compatible operating system allowing most games for older computers to be run on modern systems. Emulators also exist for older arcade games, such as MAME._NEWLINE_There are legalities related to emulation that can make it difficult to preserve video games in this manner. First, the legality of creating an emulator itself is unclear. Several United States case laws have shown that developing emulation is a legal activity as long as no proprietary information or copyrighted code is incorporated into the emulation.
In some cases, fans of a video game have helped to preserve the game to the best of their abilities without access to source code, even through the copyright nature of these fan projects are highly contentious, and more so when monetary issues are involved. Games like Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II and Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines, which had difficult production issues before release, may leave unused assets to be found by players, and in the case of both these games, players have developed unofficial patches that work to complete the content, in some cases, exceeding expectations of the original content creators.
Preservation of video game software has come through dubious routes. Notably, the source code for all of the Infocom text adventure games had been obtained by Jason Scott in 2008 via an anonymous user in the "Infocom drive", an archive file that represented the entirety of the Infocom's main server days prior to the company's relocation from Massachusetts to California in 1989. While Scott was aware this was akin to industrial espionage, he still had published the source code for the games for purposes of preservation.
Companies like GOG.com and Night Dive Studios are recognized for helping to migrate older games to modern systems. Among their efforts include doing the research to track down all legal rights that are associated with a game, including those that have changed hands several times, as to get clearance or rights to republish the title, locate as much of the game's original source code and adapt that to work on modern systems, or when source code is not available, reverse engine the game to either work natively or through emulation (like DOSBox) with modern hardware. GOG.com and Night Dive have successfully freed some games from IP limbo, such as System Shock 2, while identifying titles that remain difficult to republish and preserve legally due to conflicts on IP rights holders, such as No One Lives Forever.
In the spring of 1981, Personal Software was cash-flush from the ever-increasing sales of VisiCalc, and the corporate directors sat down and planned out their future directions. Ed Esber introduced the concept of a "family" of products that could be sold together, but from a technical perspective none of their products were similar in anything but name. For instance, to use VisiPlot with VisiCalc data, the numbers to be plotted had to be exported in a "raw" format and then re-imported._NEWLINE_Dan Fylstra led a technical discussion on what sorts of actions the user would need to be able to accomplish in order for their products to be truly integrated. They decided that there were three key concepts. One was universal data exchange, which would be supported by a set of common data structures used in all of their programs. Another was a common, consistent interface so users would not have to re-learn the UI as they moved from one program to another. Finally, Fylstra was concerned that the time needed to move from one program to another was too long to be useful – a user needing to quickly look something up in VisiDex would have to save and exit VisiCalc, look up the information, and then quit that and re-launch VisiCalc again. This process had to be made quicker and simpler.
In July 1981 Xerox announced the Xerox Star, an advanced workstation computer featuring a graphical user interface, and by that point it was a well known "secret" that Apple Computer was working on a low-cost computer with a GUI that would later be released as the Apple Lisa. Personal Software's president, Terry Opdendyk, knew of a two-man team in Texas that was working on a GUI, and arranged for Scott Warren and Dennis Abbe to visit Personal Software's headquarters in Sunnyvale, California. They demonstrated a version of the Smalltalk programming language running on the TRS-80 microcomputer, a seriously underpowered machine for the task. Personal Software was extremely impressed._NEWLINE_A contract was soon signed, and work on project "Quasar" started almost immediately. The name was shortly thereafter changed to Visi On, a play on "vision" that retained their "Visi" naming. An experimental port to the ill-fated Apple III was completed in November, and after that, development work shifted to the DEC VAX, which had cross-compilers for a number of different machines. In early 1982 Personal Software changed their name to VisiCorp, and was betting much of the future success of the company on Visi On._NEWLINE_Visi On had many features of a modern GUI, and included a few that did not become common until many years later. It was fully mouse-driven, used a bit-mapped display for both text and graphics, included on-line help, and allowed the user to open a number of programs at once, each in its own window. Visi On did not, however, include a graphical file manager. Visi On also demanded a hard drive in order to implement its virtual memory system used for "fast switching", and at the time hard drives were a very expensive piece of equipment.
The main disadvantage of Visi On was its extremely high system requirements by 1982 standards. It needed 512 kilobytes of RAM and a hard disk at a time when PCs shipped with 64k-128k and IBM did not yet offer a hard disk with the PC (IBM's first model with a hard drive, the PC XT, didn't ship until March 1983). Third-party drives were however available at the time, typically 5MB units that connected to the floppy controller and were treated by the operating system as an oversized floppy disk (there was no subdirectory support). This brought the total cost of running Visi On to $7500, three-quarters the cost of the Apple Lisa._NEWLINE_The press continued to laud the product, going so far as to claim it represented the end of operating systems. The end-users were less impressed, however, not only due to the high cost of the required hardware, but also the general slowness of the system. In a market where computers were generally used for only one or two tasks, usually business related, the whole purpose of Visi On was seriously diluted._NEWLINE_In January 1984, Apple Computer released the Macintosh with much fanfare. Although the Macintosh was seriously lacking software, it was faster, cheaper, and included one feature Visi On lacked: a graphical file manager (the Finder). Although it didn't compete directly with Visi On, which was really a "PC product", it nevertheless demonstrated that a GUI could indeed be fast and relatively inexpensive, both of which Visi On failed to deliver._NEWLINE_Adding to the release's problems was Bill Gates, who took a page from VisiCorp's book and announced that their own product, Microsoft Windows, would be available in May 1984. This muddied the waters significantly, notably when he further claimed it would have a similar feature set, didn't require a hard disk, and cost only $250. Windows was released with an even longer delay than Visi On, shipping in November 1985, and was lacking the features that forced Visi On to demand a hard drive.
Only eight VisiCorp employees were still developing Visi On when VisiCorp sold the source code to Control Data in mid-1984 to raise cash as it sued Software Arts, while continuing to sell the software itself. Sales were apparently very slow; in February 1985, VisiCorp responded by lowering the price of the basic OS to $99, knowing that anyone purchasing it would also need to buy the applications. These were bundled, all three for $990. This improved the situation somewhat, but sales were still far below projections, and it was certainly not helping the company stave off the problems due to Lotus 1-2-3._NEWLINE_Following declining VisiCalc sales and low revenues from Visi On, in November 1985, the company merged with Paladin Software. The new company kept the Paladin name. VisiCorp, and its line of "VisiProducts", were history.
Hanson was born in Java, Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) in 1914. Her father was Dutch-Chinese while her mother was of French-Indonesian descent. She studied dance and gymnastics at a dance academy in Vienna, Austria, but was forced to return to the Dutch East Indies with the outbreak of World War II. She arrived back in Java during the Japanese occupation of Indonesia. She was accused of spying and espionage by Japanese authorities and imprisoned for fifty-five days._NEWLINE_She met her first husband, an Australian soldier, after World War II. The couple had one daughter (who was Willy Blok Hanson's only child) in 1947, Christilot Hanson, who would later become a four-time Canadian Olympic equestrian. The family moved to Toronto, Canada, in 1951. Willy Blok Hanson and her first husband divorced in the early 1970s. She remarried twice. Her second marriage was to a University of Toronto professor of aeronautical engineering. Hanson's short third marriage was to a 27-year-old medical student when she was in her seventies.
1. CardioSecur ACTIVE is a smartphone based 15-lead mobile ECG for patients. While conventional ECG systems use 10 electrodes to depict 12 standard leads, the innovative systems of CardioSecur, requires only four electrodes. CardioSecur's four electrode technology has been clinically validated and is an excellent alternative to 10 electrode systems._NEWLINE_It provides an instant and personalized evaluation of ECG recordings and offers patients an immediate recommendation to act according to the applicable guidelines of professional cardiological associations. CardioSecur ACTIVE allows cardiovascular patients to gain more certainty about their cardiac activity anywhere, anytime. Additionally, it enables physicians to diagnose heart diseases faster as treating physicians can access their patients’ ECG recordings through a secured database to which the recordings are automatically uploaded. Furthermore, the ECGs can be easily shared via iMessage, E-Mail, AirDrop or AirPrint._NEWLINE_2. Alivecor heart monitors are currently available in the United States, the UK, and Ireland.  The device is a small handheld single channel ECG recording device that immediately sends information to a smart phone. Recordings can then be sent to a cardiac technician or a certified cardiologist for a small cost.  AliveCor obtains ECG traces through sensing plates, which can also be purchased through AliveCor.  The plates are placed on fingers or the chest and the scan takes 30 seconds to complete.  One of the benefits of AliveCor is the ability to record notes of how the patient was feeling prior to taking the ECG so that the physician has a clear picture of what the patterns are indicating.  Studies on the algorithm used in the technology have indicated that the device provides sufficiently accurate data to be able to diagnose atrial fibrillations.  The accuracy has been found to be similar to Lead 1 data of a regular 12 lead ECG._NEWLINE_3. iHealth created a wireless ECG monitor that is placed on the chest under clothing, and the data are sent to mobile phones and is readily available for health care professionals.  The device is small and lightweight making it easy to participate in daily activities.  It uses Bluetooth Technology to send the information to cell phones, but it can also be connected to a computer via USB cables._NEWLINE_4. Qardio created a wearable ECG monitor that wirelessly sends data to the smartphone for the user and health practitioners. The device can be worn every day to track heart health in real life._NEWLINE_5. Beurer produces a single channel ECG monitor without dedicated electrodes that transmits data via bluetooth to a smartphone. It is very small and easy to carry around, but is not designed to continuously measure data. The device returns a preliminary analysis of the ECG recording, and detailed data can be later on shown to a physician.
X.desktop was an early desktop environment graphical user interface built on the X Window System. It was developed and sold during the late 1980s and early 1990s by IXI Limited, a British software house based in Cambridge. Versions of X.desktop were available for over 30 different UNIX operating system platforms and it was licensed to various vendors, including Compaq, Locus Computing Corporation, BiiN and Acorn Computers. Early version of X.desktop used Xlib and the Athena widgets; from version 2.0 onwards it was based on the Motif toolkit.
The companion product was the diskless 3Station network workstation, a dedicated client machine. However, 3Servers could also network with standard PC-compatibles and were commonly used in this role. Having no display other than a small one-line LCD and no keyboard or mouse interface, 3Servers were controlled via another PC on the network which allowed console access to the internal server software._NEWLINE_The original 3Server was a x86 computer that wasn't compatible with any ordinary PC based on an Intel 80186 CPU, running a special version of MS-DOS and 3Com's proprietary 3+Share network server software. This was a multitasking network server stack that ran on top of single-tasking DOS. Internally, it had a network stack, file and print server modules, disk caching, user handling and more, all running simultaneously inside the DOS memory space. Because they were not limited by the PC memory map, 3Servers could support 1 megabyte of flat memory, breaking the PC's 640 kB barrier. This was a large amount of RAM for the time. _NEWLINE_The original 3Server shipped in 1985 with 512 kB of RAM and a single 36 MB hard disk.  It had slots for adding six additional drives, making it one of the first network attached storage (NAS) arrays.  It supported both Ethernet (then branded EtherSeries) and AppleTalk and was quick to add IBM token ring as well.  The 3Server/70, introduced in July 1985, doubled the storage space to 70 MB.  The 3Server/500 was a 80386-based version introduced in the late 1980s, with the 80486-based 3Server/600 introduced in 1991._NEWLINE_The last models, the 3Server386 family, ran OS/2 1.3 as the basic operating system, using 3+Open, a variant of OS/2 LAN Manager. 3Com's version was an enhancement of the basic LAN Manager package, also  sold by Microsoft and IBM and on other operating systems - for example, running on VAX/VMS it was the basis of DEC Pathworks.
As early as 1971, the year after the Beatles broke up, Lennon suggested that disappointed fans could compile the former members’ solo material themselves to create new "Beatles" records:_NEWLINE_"If people need the Beatles so much, all they have to do is to buy each album and … put it on tape, track by track, one of me, one of Paul, one of George, one of Ringo, if they really need it that much. Because otherwise the music is the same, only on separate albums."_NEWLINE_The compilers of the 1972 bootleg Alpha Omega came close to achieving that, by adding Lennon's "Imagine", Harrison's "Bangla Desh" and McCartney's "Maybe I'm Amazed", along with other songs by the three former bandmates, to the Beatles hits that made up the bulk of the compilation. Alpha Omega appears to be the first commercial release of any sort to include solo material from different ex-Beatles._NEWLINE_But when Apple responded to Alpha Omega with the 1973 compilations 1962–1966 and 1967–1970, it did not follow the bootleggers' example. Although there was no contractual barrier to including solo material – the former Beatles remained committed to EMI as individuals until January 1976 – those compilations and every subsequent authorised Beatles collection were limited to Beatles material. Over time, EMI released separate solo compilations for each of the four former Beatles. Some of these included the artist's Beatles songs, but none included solo material by other former Beatles._NEWLINE_In September 2014, iTunes released newly remastered several of the former Beatles' key solo albums. 4: John Paul George Ringo was released as a free download sampler to promote the remastering. The EP was credited to "various artists"; the name "Beatles" did not appear in the digital packaging._NEWLINE_The tracks span 39 years, from Harrison's "Let It Down", from his 1970 album All Things Must Pass, to Starr's "Walk with You", released as a single in 2009. Lennon's "Love" is from the 1970 album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band; McCartney's "Call Me Back Again" is from the 1975 Wings album Venus and Mars._NEWLINE_The cover of 4: John Paul George Ringo echoes that of 1, the Beatles' 2000 compilation. Where 1 features a red cover with a large painted numeral 1 and the credit "The Beatles", 4: John Paul George Ringo features a blue cover with a large painted numeral 4 and the former bandmates' first names. The cover also includes solo-era portraits of each of the four._NEWLINE_While all of the tracks were well known to fans, only Starr's "Walk with You" had been released as a single, and none were among the artists' best-known hits._NEWLINE_Starr's "Walk with You" features McCartney on bass and additional vocals.
Dynamic graphics created with the HTML 5 canvas Object can also be animated. The APNG addon for Google Chrome uses this technique to display APNG images._NEWLINE_CSS Animations is a proposed module for Cascading Style Sheets that allows for the animation of XML elements using CSS._NEWLINE_An alternative method for animations in web pages is to use conventional static images and animate them using JavaScript or plugin based technologies like Adobe Flash, Microsoft Silverlight and Java.
Upon his return to the Indies, Andjar formed another theatrical troupe, Bolero, with Effendi, but left the troupe around 1940 to work at Kolf Publishers in Surabaya. Effendi was left as the head of Bolero, which then became more politicised. At Kolf Andjar edited the publisher's magazine Poestaka Timoer. As his work entailed writing synopses and serials based on popular films for Kolf's magazine, he became increasingly involved in the film industry. He was soon asked by The Teng Chun, with whom he had maintained a business relationship, to direct a film for his company Java Industrial Film (JIF); with this Andjar became one of several noted theatrical personnel who migrated to film following Albert Balink's 1937 hit Terang Boelan (Full Moon)._NEWLINE_After handling the marketing for Rentjong Atjeh (Rencong of Aceh, 1940), Andjar made his directorial debut in 1940 with Kartinah, a war-time romance starring Ratna Asmara. Academia was critical of the film, believing it to lack educational value. In 1941 he directed Noesa Penida, a tragedy based in Bali, for JIF; the film was remade in 1988. In these films, he had little creative control, and performed as what the Indonesian entertainment journalist Eddie Karsito describes as a dialogue coach. Camera angles and locations were chosen by the cinematographer, who was generally also the producer._NEWLINE_During the Japanese occupation from 1942 to 1945, the nation's film industry nearly ceased to exist: all but one studio were closed, and all films released were propaganda pieces to assist the Japanese war effort and promote the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere. Andjar was not involved in these but was excited by the artistic merits of Japanese films. Although he wrote several short stories during this time, three of which were published in the pro-Japanese newspaper Asia Raja in 1942, Andjar focused on theatre, forming the troupe Tjahaya Timoer. He often visited the Cultural Centre (Keimin Bunka Sidosho) in Jakarta, where two employees, D. Djajakusuma and Usmar Ismail, discussed filmmaking with him. Both became influential film directors during the 1950s._NEWLINE_After Indonesia's independence, Andjar moved to Purwokerto to lead the daily Perdjoeangan Rakjat. After the paper collapsed, he returned to film, film a piece entitled Djaoeh Dimata for the Netherlands Indies Civil Administration in 1948. This was followed by two additional films, Anggrek Bulan (Moon Orchid; 1948) and Gadis Desa (Maiden from the Village; 1949), both based on plays he wrote several years earlier. In 1950, Andjar published his only novel, Noesa Penida, a critique of the Balinese caste system, which followed lovers from different levels of the social hierarchy. Meanwhile, he continued to write and publish paperback serials adapted from local films._NEWLINE_Andjar's screenplay Dr Samsi was finally adapted as a film in 1952 by Ratna Asmara, who had become Indonesia's first female film director with her 1950 film Sedap Malam (Sweetness of the Night). The adaptation starred Ratna and Raden Ismail. It would prove Andjar's last screenwriting credit during his lifetime. Although no longer writing films, Andjar remained active in the country's film industry. In 1955 he headed the inaugural Indonesian Film Festival, which was criticized when it gave the Best Picture Award to two films, Usmar Ismail's Lewat Djam Malam (After the Curfew) and Lilik Sudjio's Tarmina. Critics wrote that Lewat Djam Malam was easily the stronger of the two and suggested that Djamaluddin Malik, Tarmina's producer, had influenced the jury's decision._NEWLINE_In 1958 Asmara became the head of the entertainment magazine Varia, where the fellow director Raden Ariffien served as his deputy. Asmara held the position until his death; among other roles, he wrote a series of memoires on the history of theatre in the country. He died on 20 October 1961 in Cipanas, West Java, during a trip to Bandung and was buried in Jakarta.
Andreas Greiner (born 1979) is an artist based in Berlin. He works with a wide range of different media including sculpture, installation, photography, video and techniques such as electron microscopy, algorithmic image creation and 3D printing. Frequently he works with biological and natural growth processes to create art works. His approach addresses humanity’s relationship with its living and non-living environment and the nature–culture dichotomy._NEWLINE_Throughout his career Greiner has cooperated with experts such as microbiologists, art historians, computer programmers, architects and artists, e.g. Ivy Lee Fiebig, Alexandra Spiegel and the composers Tyler Friedman and Páll Ragnar Pálsson. He is part of two artist collectives: A/A (with Armin Keplinger) and Das Numen (with Julian Charrière, Markus Hoffmann and Felix Kiessling).
In computer science, average memory access time (AMAT) is a common metric to analyze memory system performance. AMAT uses hit time, miss penalty, and miss rate to measure memory performance. It accounts for the fact that hits and misses affect memory system performance differently. In addition, AMAT can be extended recursively to multiple layers of the memory hierarchy. It focuses on how locality and cache misses affect overall performance and allows for a quick analysis of different cache design techniques. A tacit assumption of AMAT is that a data access is either a hit or a miss, meaning the memory only supports sequential accesses and cannot have multiple accesses occurring simultaneously. Recently AMAT has been extended to consider concurrent data access. A model, called Concurrent-AMAT (C-AMAT), is introduced for more accurate analysis of current memory systems. More information on C-AMAT can be found in the external links section._NEWLINE_AMAT's three parameters hit time (or hit latency), miss rate, and miss penalty provide a quick analysis of memory systems. Hit latency (H) is the time to hit in the cache. Miss rate (MR) is the frequency of cache misses, while average miss penalty (AMP) is the cost of a cache miss in terms of time. Concretely it can be defined as follows._NEWLINE_It can also be defined recursively as,_NEWLINE_where_NEWLINE_In this manner, this recursive definition can be extended throughout all layers of the memory hierarchy.
AMEE created an individual company profile for every business and organisation in the UK (over 3.6 million in total). Profiles are pre-filled with a range of financial and environmental data, including annual turnover, number of employees and annual carbon emissions._NEWLINE_AMEE's data comes from a variety of sources. Where a company has not publicly declared its carbon emissions AMEE models its emissions with a series of algorithms. The models make use of data elements such as number of employees, type of business and geographical location._NEWLINE_Companies are then ranked against industry peers based on their AMEE Score._NEWLINE_All the data displayed on amee.com is free of charge and publicly available. Companies are free to edit and update the data that is displayed on amee.com. By reporting their environmental performance on amee.com companies demonstrate their commitment to transparency and to reducing carbon emissions throughout the supply chain.
As most traditional houses in Indonesia, spatial orientation and hierarchy are crucial considerations in Balinese architecture. The concept is based on the Hindu dharma principle: every objects in the universe is conceived as having an ideal location; this must be correctly aligned at all time in order to achieve harmony with the universe, and thus moksha – the point of liberation where a human achieves a perfect state of being – can be achieved. The placement of objects in Balinese architecture naturally plays an important role to achieve this._NEWLINE_The principle of Balinese architecture — such as the proper size, location, and alignment of building types — is written in the Asta Kosala Kosali. The Asta Kosala Kosali are eight guidelines for architectural designs originally inscribed in ancient Javanese on a lontar (palm-leaf manuscript). According to the Asta Kosala Kosali, the universe is divided in three: buhr (underworld, realm of the demons), buwah (human realm), and swah (heaven, realm of the gods). This cosmic division is reflected in the geography of Bali: the central mountainous area (especially Mount Agung) is seen as the abode of the gods, while the sea is associated with malevolent spirits; the in between coastal plains and foothills represent the human realm.  _NEWLINE_This hierarchy of realm is reflected in the Balinese cardinal direction. There are two main cardinal directions of Balinese universe: kaja and kelod. Kaja means "to the mountain" (Mount Agung) and refers to anything that is higher or sacred. Kelod means "to the sea" (abode of the demons) and indicates low and profane places. As most of Bali's population live to the south of Mount Agung, the main cardinal direction corresponds to a north-south axis running between the central mountain range (Mount Agung in particular) and the sea; however this can be different with the northern Bali Aga. The secondary directions of Balinese cardinal direction are kangin (where the sun rises, East) and kauh (where the sun sets, West), in this instance kangin is associated with life, and therefore sacred, while the kauh is identified with death and is considered profane. Thus the northeast (kaja kangin) is regarded as the most auspicious direction where family shrines are built, while the southwest (kelod kauh) is the most impure. This cardinal direction concept plays important roles in organizing many aspect of Balinese culture including a Balinese house layout._NEWLINE_Other orientation concept is also used. The Balinese compass (nawa-sanga) stems from the four cardinal direction, their intermediaries and the central area. Each point is linked to a particular Hindu deity and has symbolic ritual associations, such as corresponding numbers, colors, magical syllables, and mystical attributes._NEWLINE_The symbolism also includes metaphorical representation of the compound and its various structures in terms of the human body. Thus, the family shrine is identified with the head; the sleeping quarters and pavilion for receiving guests, with the arms; the central courtyard with the navel; the hearth with the sexual organs; the kitchen and lumbung with legs and feet; and the refuse pit in the backyard with the anus. The Traditional Balinese House museum in Tabanan is a good example of a typical compound.
Similar with Javanese houses, Balinese house is built within a compound surrounded by walls of whitewashed mud or brick, depending on the wealth of the owner. Different with the Javanese residential compound however, the Balinese residential compound is dominated with pavilions (bale) which surround a central courtyard (natah). These pavilions acted as rooms in the western equivalent of domestic houses, each pavilions has its own function. Different architectural elements within the compound are laid out according to Balinese conception of the sacred and profane within the cardinal points._NEWLINE_Traditionally, the Balinese house compound appears to lack the adequate provision for sleeping, eating and bathing of the modern Western culture. The sleeping pavilion, which is reserved for the head of the family, is the only pavilion that is enclosed with walls on all four sides. The rest of the pavilions in a Balinese house compound are wall-less, the pavilion where the rest of the family member sleep or perform other activities. _NEWLINE_Each pavilion in a Balinese house compound is identified with a certain cardinal direction, body organ, color, and deity; depending on its placement._NEWLINE_When a son of the family marries, his wife usually moves into his compound, so a compound is frequently a place for extended families, each with their own sleeping quarters, but otherwise sharing the facilities. Domestic activities take place outside or in the pavilion. Traditionally there is no bathing facility in a Balinese compound as people take their bath in public bathing pools.
Basílio de Bragança Pereira (born 29 April 1945 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian statistician._NEWLINE_He studied at Escola Nacional de Ciências Estatísticas since 1958 until his BSc in Statistics (1968), and obtained his Ph.D.and D.I.C. from the Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine (1976) supervised by Sir David Cox. He also obtained an MSc in Operational Research (1970) and a Docent Free in Applied Statistics (1989) from Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro._NEWLINE_In 2003 he spent a year working on a Project on Neural Networks in Statistics with Professor C.R. Rao at Penn State University on a postdoctoral grant from the Brazilian Government (CAPES)._NEWLINE_He is Professor Emeritus of the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro where he has worked since 1970, in the Institute of Mathematics, Postgraduate School of Engineering (COPPE) and School of Medicine._NEWLINE_Associate Professor at the Institute of Mathematics (1970–1989 and 1994–1997), Research Professor at COPPE (1970–present), Titular Professor of Applied Statistics at COPPE (1989–1994, retired), Titular Professor of Biostatistics at the School of Medicine (1998–2015, retired). He has supervised more than 80 thesis and dissertations._NEWLINE_He was Elected member of the International Statistical Institute. His current statistical interests are Applications of Statistical Learning Methods  in Medicine, acting mainly in choice of separated models, likelihood and Bayesian inference, time series, regression and survival analysis, neural networks in statistics.
Following in the tradition of Monty Python, the comedy of Big Train is based on the subversion of ordinary situations by the surreal or macabre. For example, one scene features a bad-mannered man casually stabbed to death by his embarrassed wife at a dinner party. In a recurring sketch from the first series, an animated staring contest is accompanied by commentary from BBC football commentator Barry Davies and comedy actor and impressionist Phil Cornwell. The Stare-out Championship was based on a self-published comic book by Paul Hatcher and was animated by Chris Shepherd._NEWLINE_Despite running for two series, Big Train attracted only a limited audience. Even so, the first series was voted "Best 'Broken Comedy' Show" at the prestigious British Comedy Awards in 1999. Both series were released on DVD on 25 October 2004._NEWLINE_Its stars included the actor Kevin Eldon, Mark Heap, and Simon Pegg in both series one and two, with Julia Davis and Amelia Bullmore in the first series (Nick Frost also appeared in two episodes), and Rebecca Front, Tracy-Ann Oberman and Catherine Tate in the second series. All its lead actors have starred in a variety of other comedy shows including I'm Alan Partridge, Look Around You, Spaced, Smack the Pony, Brass Eye and Green Wing. Catherine Tate went on to get her own show on the BBC, The Catherine Tate Show. The first series was directed by Graham Linehan and other series contributors included David Mitchell._NEWLINE_The pilot episode was directed by Chris Morris but was never broadcast in full. Some sketches from the pilot are scattered through the series. Apart from Pegg, all of the first season regular cast members subsequently starred in Morris' sketch comedy Jam (2000)._NEWLINE_The title of the show is derived from the song run during the credits, "Big Train", which was recorded by_NEWLINE_Max Greger and his Orchestra. The writers were fond enough of the song to name the show after it. The song has since been adopted for a commercial for Virgin Trains._NEWLINE_Both series were shot entirely on location (series one on 35mm film and series two on DigiBeta) and later shown to a live audience so that a laugh track could be recorded.
After the sale of Golaces, Brian, in conversation with founder David M. Kelley, joined global design firm IDEO as Entrepreneur in Residence in June 2008. He co-founded a personalized nutrition app, Shopwell that provides healthy food recommendations for users, based on their unique dietary needs. The company raised venture funding from New Venture Partners and IDEO. He led a team of engineering and registered dietitians to create the first personalized nutrition scoring algorithm leveraging machine learning and dietetics. Shopwell was acquired by HarvestMark in 2013, which was again acquired by Innit in 2016.
The word was in use in the 19th century and probably earlier, meaning 'white', when referring to buffalo. An 1840 book noted that people preferred 'bulei' (white) buffalo to 'hitam' (which is the current Indonesian word for black).  _NEWLINE_An 1869 Malay-Dutch dictionary notes the words 'balar', 'sabun'  and 'andan' as referring to 'white people' (wit mensch) and 'albinos'. An 1894 Malay-English dictionary noted the words 'andan' and 'bulei' as referring to albinos, and 'sabun' (a word in current usage as soap) as an adjective for all-white dogs, and for albinos. The word 'balar' is given as an adjective meaning white in the context of buffalos, and also albinos. _NEWLINE_A 1948 Javanese Indonesian dictionary notes  boelé, balar and boelai as a suffix to the Javanese 'wong' or 'person', in Indonesian 'orang balar' or 'orang saboen'. _NEWLINE_Subsequent dictionaries may define 'bule' simply as albino. However, in current usage the English loanword, albino is more commonly used.
Students attending Cadet College, Hasan Abdal, are called cadets._NEWLINE_The college prepares boys for the secondary school and intermediate examinations conducted by the Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education Rawalpindi, and also for the General Certificate of Education 'O' Levels and 'A' Levels, which follow a similar format to the GCSEs and 'A' levels used in the UK. Some cadets study for Matriculation or F.Sc(both pre-medical and pre-engineering). English, Urdu, Islamiyat, Pakistan Studies, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry and Biology are compulsory at each level; some other subjects (e.g. computer science) are offered within the different levels._NEWLINE_Fitness activities include gymnastics, jogging and athletics. Physical training (PT) is conducted in the morning and sports in the evening. Cadets take part in sports such as basketball, field hockey, football, horse riding, squash, swimming, tennis and volleyball. Students are also taught drill._NEWLINE_Classes are conducted in the morning and preps (individual silent study periods) at night. The routine is a structured daily regime to promote maximum performance by the students.
Calligra is written with dependencies on KDE Frameworks 5 and Qt 5. Older versions depend on KDE Platform 4 and Qt 4, and even older versions of KOffice depend on KDElibs and Qt 3. Despite that Calligra Suite is released independently of the KDE Software Compilation or of the KDE Applications._NEWLINE_All components of the Calligra Suite are released under free software licenses and use OpenDocument as their native file format when applicable._NEWLINE_The developers of Calligra plan to share as much infrastructure as possible between applications to reduce bugs and improve the user experience. This is done by common technologies like Flake and Pigment. Flake provides a way to handle shapes, which can contain text, images, formulas (via KFormula), charts (via KChart) or other objects, in a consistent way across all applications. The Calligra team also wants to create an OpenDocument library for use in other KDE applications that will allow developers to easily add support for reading and outputting OpenDocument files to their applications. Automating tasks and extending the suite with custom functionality can be done with D-Bus or with scripting languages like Python, Ruby, and JavaScript through the Kross scripting framework.
Cisco Systems was founded in December 1984 by Sandy Lerner, a director of computer facilities for the Stanford University Graduate School of Business.  Lerner partnered with her husband, Leonard Bosack, who was in charge of the Stanford University computer science department's computers._NEWLINE_Cisco's initial product has roots in Stanford University's campus technology. In the early 1980s students and staff at Stanford; including Bosack, used technology on the campus to link all of the school's computer systems to talk to one another, creating a box that functioned as a multiprotocol router called the "Blue Box". The Blue Box used software that was originally written at Stanford by research engineer William Yeager. Due to the underlying architecture, and its ability to scale well, Yeager's well-designed invention became a key to Cisco's early success._NEWLINE_In 1985, Bosack and Stanford employee Kirk Lougheed began a project to formally network Stanford's campus. They adapted Yeager's software into what became the foundation for Cisco IOS, despite Yeager's claims that he had been denied permission to sell the Blue Box commercially. On July 11, 1986, Bosack and Lougheed were forced to resign from Stanford and the university contemplated filing criminal complaints against Cisco and its founders for the theft of its software, hardware designs, and other intellectual properties. In 1987, Stanford licensed the router software and two computer boards to Cisco. In addition to Bosack, Lerner, Lougheed, Greg Satz (a programmer), and Richard Troiano (who handled sales), completed the early Cisco team. The company's first CEO was Bill Graves, who held the position from 1987 to 1988. In 1988, John Morgridge was appointed CEO._NEWLINE_The name "Cisco" was derived from the city name San Francisco, which is why the company's engineers insisted on using the lower case "cisco" in its early years. The logo is intended to depict the two towers of the Golden Gate Bridge._NEWLINE_On February 16, 1990, Cisco Systems went public with a market capitalization of $224 million, and was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange. On August 28, 1990, Lerner was fired. Upon hearing the news, her husband Bosack resigned in protest. The couple walked away from Cisco with $170 million, 70% of which was committed to their own charity._NEWLINE_Although Cisco was not the first company to develop and sell dedicated network nodes, it was one of the first to sell commercially successful routers supporting multiple network protocols. Classical, CPU-based architecture of early Cisco devices coupled with flexibility of operating system IOS allowed for keeping up with evolving technology needs by means of frequent software upgrades. Some popular models of that time (such as Cisco 2500) managed to stay in production for almost a decade virtually unchanged. The company was quick to capture the emerging service provider environment, entering the SP market with product lines such as Cisco 7000 and Cisco 8500._NEWLINE_Between 1992 and 1994, Cisco acquired several companies in Ethernet switching, such as Kalpana, Grand Junction and most notably, Mario Mazzola's Crescendo Communications, which together formed the Catalyst business unit. At the time, the company envisioned layer 3 routing and layer 2 (Ethernet, Token Ring) switching as complementary functions of different intelligence and architecture—the former was slow and complex, the latter was fast but simple. This philosophy dominated the company's product lines throughout the 1990s._NEWLINE_In 1995, John Morgridge was succeeded by John Chambers.
On December 11, 2008, the Free Software Foundation filed suit against Cisco regarding Cisco's failure to comply with the GPL and LGPL license models and make the applicable source code publicly available. On May 20, 2009, Cisco settled this lawsuit by complying with FSF licensing terms and making a monetary contribution to the FSF.
On December 1, 2008, Multiven filed an antitrust lawsuit against Cisco Systems, Inc. Multiven's complaint alleges that Cisco harmed Multiven and consumers by bundling and tying bug fixes/patches and updates for its operating system software to its maintenance services (SMARTnet). In May 2010, Cisco accused the person who filed the antitrust suit, British-Nigerian technology entrepreneur Peter Alfred-Adekeye, with hacking and pressured the US government to extradite him from Canada. Cisco settled the antitrust lawsuit two months after Alfred-Adekeye's arrest by making its software updates available to all Multiven customers.
Universidad Tecnológica de Nezahualcóyotl (UTN) (Technological University of Nezahualcóyotl),  was created by the Congress of the State of Mexico in 1991 as part of the Subsistema de Universidades Tecnológicas of Mexico. The institution offers six two-year degrees in Administration, Commerce, Computer Science, Processes of production, Environmental Technology and Telematics. The campus has extensive sports facilities including a volleyball court, an Olympic-sized pool, and a professional football stadium._NEWLINE_Facultad de Estudios Superiores Aragón, UNAM. FES-Aragón (Faculty of Superior Studies – Aragón UNAM, part of the decentralization program of the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México.) This campus is designed for between fifteen and twenty thousand students. FES-Aragón offers twelve degrees in Architecture, Journalism, Law, Industrial Design, Economics, Civil Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Pedagogy, Agropecuario Development and Planning, International Relations and Sociology. It also offers a number of graduate degrees. The campus contains a Computer Center, an Open University and a Foreign Language Center.
Jarret Glasscock is a co-founder as well as the Chief Executive Officer of Cofactor Genomics.  Glasscock completed his undergraduate degree at the University of Arizona where he majored in Biology with a focus in the Computer Sciences. Upon graduation, Glasscock pursued his doctorate in Genetics at Washington University in St. Louis where he studied under Warren Gish, developer of the NCBI BLAST sequence analysis program._NEWLINE_Jon Armstrong, is the Chief Scientific Officer of Cofactor Genomics.  After acquiring his Master's Degree in Neuroscience, Mr. Armstrong spent nine years in the Genome Center at Washington University's Technology Development Group._NEWLINE_David Messina is the Chief Operating Officer of Cofactor Genomics. He has spent the last 19 years in computational biology and genetics. He worked on the Human Genome Project at Washington University in Saint Louis, trained in molecular biology and human genetics at the University of Chicago, and earned his PhD in computational biology in Stockholm, Sweden.
Paul Javal (Michel Piccoli), a young French playwright who has found commercial success in Rome, accepts an offer from vulgar American producer Jeremy Prokosch (Jack Palance) to rework the script for German director Fritz Lang's screen adaptation of the Odyssey._NEWLINE_Paul's wife, Camille Javal (Brigitte Bardot), joins him on the first day of the project at Cinecittà. As the first discussions are completed, Prokosch invites the crew to join him at his villa, offering Camille a ride in his two-seat sportscar. Camille looks to Paul to decline the offer, but he submissively withdraws to follow by taxi, leaving Camille and Prokosch alone. Paul does not catch up with them until 30 minutes later, explaining that he was delayed by a traffic accident. Camille grows uneasy, secretly doubting his honesty and suspecting that he is using her to cement his ties with Prokosch. The feelings of doubt are heightened when she sees him exchange familiarities with Prokosch's secretary, Francesca. Back at their apartment, Paul and Camille discuss the subtle uneasiness that has come between them in the first few hours of the project, and Camille suddenly announces to her bewildered husband that she no longer loves him._NEWLINE_Hoping to rekindle Camille's love, Paul convinces her to accept Prokosch's invitation to join them for filming in Capri. Prokosch and Lang are locked in a conflict over the correct interpretation of Homer's work, an impasse exacerbated by the difficulty of communication between the German director, French script writer, and American producer. Francesca acts as interpreter, mediating all conversations. When Paul sides with Prokosch against Lang by suggesting that Odysseus actually left home because of his wife's infidelity, Camille's suspicions of her husband's servility are confirmed. She deliberately allows him to find her in Prokosch's embrace, and in the ensuing confrontation she declares that her respect for him has turned to contempt because he has bartered her to Prokosch. He denies this accusation, offering to sever his connection with the film and leave Capri; but she will not recant and leaves for Rome with the producer. After an auto crash in which Camille and Prokosch are killed, Paul prepares to leave Capri and return to the theater. Lang continues to work on the film.
Discussion on the brain's criticality have been done since 1950, with the paper on the imitation game for a Turing test. In 1995, Herz and Hopfield noted that self-organized criticality (SOC) models for earthquakes were mathematically equivalent to networks of integrate-and-fire neurons, and speculated that perhaps SOC would occur in the brain. Simultaneously Stassinopoulos and  Bak proposed a simple neural network model working at criticality which was expanded latter by Chialvo and Bak. In 2003, the hypothesis found experimental support by Beggs and Plenz. The critical brain hypothesis is not a consensus among the scientific community.
Nolan swam for and graduated from Stanford University.  He completed a degree in biomechanical engineering and a minor in computer science._NEWLINE_In 2015 he set the American Record in the 200y IM, swimming 1:40.07.  The swim was one hundredth of a second faster than the previous record set by Ryan Lochte.  He ended his college swimming career with 3 team records, 9 conference titles and 17 All-American honors. In 2014-15 his training focused on speed, whereas during the two years prior were almost pure aerobic training.
During the 2006 NBA Draft, Brown was selected 46th overall by the Utah Jazz but was not offered a guaranteed contract. Brown attended the team's training camp in the fall, where he and various undrafted players competed for a roster spot. On August 29, 2006 Dee Brown signed with the Jazz and was reunited with former college teammates Deron Williams and Roger Powell, who also signed with the team._NEWLINE_On November 14, 2006, Brown scored his first points in the NBA with a pair of free throws against the Los Angeles Clippers. Through the first month of the NBA season, Brown played off the bench in eight of the Jazz's seventeen games. Brown played in 49 games during his rookie season, averaging just under two points per game._NEWLINE_After spending the 2007–08 season with Galatasaray Café Crown in Turkey, he was signed by the Washington Wizards to an offer sheet for a two-year, partially guaranteed deal on July 9, 2008. Since Brown was still a restricted free agent at the time, the Jazz were given one week to match the offer, but declined to do so since they were already stocked at point guard. Brown officially signed with the Wizards as a free agent on July 30._NEWLINE_Due to an injury to guard Gilbert Arenas, Brown broke into the Wizards rotation, eventually becoming the starting point guard. Brown averaged 2.4 points and 1.9 assists in 17 games with the Wizards._NEWLINE_Brown was released by the Wizards on December 10, 2008 to make room for Mike James and Javaris Crittenton, two guards acquired by the Wizards via trade. On December 23 Brown was signed by the Phoenix Suns, who were looking for a backup point guard. After playing two games in which he averaged 2.5 points and 1.5 assists per game, Brown was released. In 2010 the Dallas Mavericks invited Brown to their training camp, but he was waived on October 21.
Division is often introduced through the notion of "sharing out" a set of objects, for example a pile of lollies, into a number of equal portions. Distributing the objects several at a time in each round of sharing to each portion leads to the idea of "chunking" — a form of division where one repeatedly subtracts multiples of the divisor from the dividend itself. _NEWLINE_By allowing one to subtract more multiples than what the partial remainder allows at a given stage, more flexible methods, such as the bidirectional variant of chunking, can be developed as well._NEWLINE_More systematic and more efficient (but also more formalised, more rule-based, and more removed from an overall holistic picture of what division is achieving), a person who knows the multiplication tables can divide two integers with pencil and paper using the method of short division, if the divisor is small, or long division, if the divisor is larger. If the dividend has a fractional part (expressed as a decimal fraction), one can continue the algorithm past the ones place as far as desired. If the divisor has a fractional part, one can restate the problem by moving the decimal to the right in both numbers until the divisor has no fraction._NEWLINE_A person can calculate division with an abacus by repeatedly placing the dividend on the abacus, and then subtracting the divisor the offset of each digit in the result, counting the number of divisions possible at each offset._NEWLINE_A person can use logarithm tables to divide two numbers, by subtracting the two numbers' logarithms, then looking up the antilogarithm of the result._NEWLINE_A person can calculate division with a slide rule by aligning the divisor on the C scale with the dividend on the D scale. The quotient can be found on the D scale where it is aligned with the left index on the C scale. The user is responsible, however, for mentally keeping track of the decimal point.
Modern computers compute division by methods that are faster than long division, with the more efficient ones relying on approximation techniques from numerical analysis. For division with remainder, see Division algorithm._NEWLINE_In modular arithmetic (modulo a prime number) and for real numbers, nonzero numbers have a multiplicative inverse. In these cases, a division by x may be computed as the product by the multiplicative inverse of x. This approach is often associated with the faster methods in computer arithmetic.
Lawler was an expert on combinatorial optimization and a founder of the field, the author of the widely used textbook Combinatorial Optimization: Networks and Matroids and coauthor of The Traveling Salesman Problem: a guided tour of combinatorial optimization. He played a central role in rescuing the ellipsoid method for linear programming from obscurity in the West. He also wrote (with D. E. Wood) a heavily cited 1966 survey on branch and bound algorithms, selected as a citation classic in 1987,_NEWLINE_and another influential early paper on dynamic programming with J. M. Moore. Lawler was also the first to observe that matroid intersection can be solved in polynomial time._NEWLINE_The NP-completeness proofs for two of Karp's 21 NP-complete problems, directed Hamiltonian cycle and 3-dimensional matching, were credited by Karp to Lawler. The NP-completeness of 3-dimensional matching is an example of one of Lawler's favorite observations, the "mystical power of twoness": for many combinatorial optimization problems that can be parametrized by an integer, the problem can be solved in polynomial time when the parameter is two but becomes NP-complete when the parameter is three. For 3-dimensional matching, the solvable parameter-2 version of the problem is graph matching; the same phenomenon arises in the complexities of 2-coloring and 3-coloring for graphs, in the matroid intersection problem for intersections of two or three matroids, and in 2-SAT and 3-SAT for satisfiability problems. Lenstra writes that "Gene would invariably comment that this is why a world with two sexes has been devised."_NEWLINE_During the 1970s, Lawler made great headway in systematizing algorithms for job shop scheduling. His 1979 survey on the subject introduced the three-field notation for theoretic scheduling problems, which (despite the existence of earlier notations) became standard in the study of scheduling algorithms. Another later survey is also highly cited (over 1000 citations each in Google scholar)._NEWLINE_In the late 1980s, Lawler shifted his research focus to problems of computational biology, including the reconstruction of evolutionary trees and several works on sequence alignment.
A special issue of the journal Mathematical Programming (vol. 82, issues 1–2) was dedicated in Lawler's honor in 1998._NEWLINE_The ACM Eugene L. Lawler Award is given by the Association for Computing Machinery every two years for "humanitarian contributions within computer science and informatics".
Expeed 4 uses a processor with ARM central controller, and is used in the Nikon D810, Nikon D750, Nikon D5300, Nikon D5500, Nikon D5600, Nikon D3300, Nikon D3400, Nikon D3500 and Nikon D7200.  It offers full HD (1080p) video capture at 50/60 fps with improved contrast detection autofocus and live preview autofocus. It includes all of the features of the Expeed 3 (FR) and older versions of Expeed, plus it consumes less power._NEWLINE_The Nikon D4S's processor is identical to the Nikon D4, marked EI-158, using its processing power with improved software enabling 1080p video capture at 50/60fps, 11 fps photos with improved autofocus, new noise reduction with image-content variable algorithm (context-adaptive) and other improvements.
In mathematics, specifically in category theory, F-algebras generalize algebraic structure. Rewriting the algebraic laws in terms of morphisms eliminates all references to quantified elements from the axioms, and these algebraic laws may then be glued together in terms of a single functor F, the signature._NEWLINE_F-algebras can also be used to represent data structures used in programming, such as lists and trees._NEWLINE_The main related concepts are initial F-algebras which may serve to encapsulate the induction principle, and the dual construction F-coalgebras.
If the category of F-algebras for a given endofunctor F has an initial object, it is called an initial algebra. The algebra  in the above example is an initial algebra. Various finite data structures used in programming, such as lists and trees, can be obtained as initial algebras of specific endofunctors._NEWLINE_Types defined by using least fixed point construct with functor F can be regarded as an initial F-algebra, provided that parametricity holds for the type._NEWLINE_See also Universal algebra.
In the second half of 1997, Indonesia became the country hardest hit by the 1997 Asian financial crisis. The economy suffered a flight of foreign capital leading to the Indonesian rupiah falling from Rp 2,600 per dollar in August 1997 to over Rp 14,800 per dollar by January 1998. The Indonesian companies with US dollar-denominated borrowings struggled to service these debts with their rupiah earnings, and many went bankrupt. Efforts by Bank Indonesia to defend its managed float regime by selling US dollars had little effect on the currency's decline, but instead drained Indonesia's foreign exchange reserves._NEWLINE_Weaknesses in the Indonesian economy, including high levels of debt, inadequate financial management systems and crony capitalism, were identified as underlying causes. Volatility in the global financial system and over-liberalisation of international capital markets were also cited. The government responded by floating the currency, requesting International Monetary Fund assistance, closing some banks and postponing major capital projects._NEWLINE_In December 1997, Suharto for the first time did not attend an ASEAN presidents' summit, which was later revealed to be due to a minor stroke, creating speculation about his health and the immediate future of his presidency. In mid-December, as the crisis swept through Indonesia and an estimated $150 billion of capital was being withdrawn from the country, he appeared at a press conference to assure he was in charge and to urge people to trust the government and the collapsing rupiah._NEWLINE_Suharto's attempts to re-instil confidence, such as ordering generals to personally reassure shoppers at markets and an "I Love the Rupiah" campaign, had little effect. Evidence suggested that Suharto's family and associates were being spared the most stringent requirements of the IMF reform process, and there was open conflict between economic technocrats implementing IMF plans and Suharto-related vested interests, further undermining confidence in the economy. The government's unrealistic 1998 budget and Suharto's announcement of Habibie as the next vice president both caused further currency instability. Suharto reluctantly agreed to a wider-reaching IMF package of structural reforms in January 1998 in exchange for $43 billion in liquidity (with a third letter of intent with the IMF being signed in April of that year). However, the rupiah dropped to a sixth of its pre-crisis value, and rumours and panic led to a run on stores and pushed up prices._NEWLINE_In January 1998, the government was forced to provide emergency liquidity assistance (BLBI), issue blanket guarantees for bank deposits, and set up the Indonesian Bank Restructuring Agency to take over management of troubled banks in order to prevent the collapse of the financial system. Based on the IMF recommendations, the government increased interest rates to 70% pa in February 1998 to control high inflation caused by the higher prices of imports. However, this action restricted the availability of credit to the corporate sector._NEWLINE_In 1997 and 1998, there were riots in various parts of Indonesia. Sometimes these riots were aimed against Chinese Indonesians. Some riots looked spontaneous, and others looked as if they had been planned. One theory was that pro-Suharto generals were trying to weaken the forces of democracy by increasing the divisions between orthodox and non-orthodox Muslims, between Muslims and Christians and between Chinese and non-Chinese. Another theory was that certain generals were trying to topple Suharto._NEWLINE_Human Rights Watch Asia reported that in the first five weeks of 1998, there were over two dozen demonstrations, price riots, bomb threats, and bombings on Java and that unrest was spreading to other islands. An Islamic school and four mosques were turned ablaze in retaliation for Church fires by Christians.
On 13 and 14 May, rioting across Jakarta destroyed many commercial centres and over a thousand died. Ethnic Chinese were targeted. The riots were allegedly instigated by Indonesian military members who were out of uniform. Homes were attacked and, women were raped by gangs of men who wore ordinary clothing. The US State Department and a government fact-finding team found that "elements of the military had been involved in the riots, some of which were deliberately provoked". However, most of the deaths suffered when Chinese owned supermarkets in Jakarta were targeted for looting from 13–15 May were not Chinese, but Javanese looters who were burnt to death by the hundreds when a fire broke out._NEWLINE_Over a thousand and as many as five thousand people died during these riots in Jakarta and other cities such as Surakarta. Many victims died in burning malls and supermarkets, but some were shot or beaten to death. The riots destroyed thirteen markets, 2,479 shop-houses, 40 malls, 1,604 shops, 45 garages, 383 private offices, nine filling stations, eight public buses and minivans, 1,119 cars, 821 motorcycles, and 1,026 houses.
In April 2015, fans mistook random numbers that were placed by Cawthon into the source code of the game's official website to be coordinates that pointed to a location significant to the games. Fans entered these numbers into Google Maps and consequently discovered a pizzeria in Virginia. Mass phone calls were made to the pizzeria by fans, attempting to discover if the company had a connection to the upcoming installment, Five Nights at Freddy's 4. It was later confirmed by Cawthon that this pizzeria had no connection with the Five Nights at Freddy's series._NEWLINE_In June 2016, fans discovered a pizzeria and restaurant in Long Branch, New Jersey called Freddie's, and again called the restaurant in mass numbers to determine affiliation to Five Nights at Freddy's. The hundreds of phone calls received by the restaurant each day caused difficulty for legitimate customers to be able to place orders through the phone line. A pizzeria called Freddie's Pizza & Pasta in Roseville, California also suffered from this._NEWLINE_Cawthon has since asked fans to refrain from calling numbers that they believe are associated with the game, as seen in the footer of his webpage.
flex++ is a similar lexical scanner for C++ which is included as part of the flex package. The generated code does not depend on any runtime or external library except for a memory allocator (malloc or a user-supplied alternative) unless the input also depends on it.  This can be useful in embedded and similar situations where traditional operating system or C runtime facilities may not be available._NEWLINE_The flex++ generated C++ scanner includes the header file FlexLexer.h, which defines the interfaces of the two C++ generated classes.
The ship was laid down by the Nederlandse Droogdok Maatschappij ("Dutch Drydock Company") at Amsterdam, on 18 January 1938, and launched on 15 December 1938. After sea trials the ship was commissioned on 21 August 1939, just before the outbreak of the war. On 3 September 1939 the Willem van der Zaan commenced wartime operations by laying 98 mines near Den Helder, adding another 97 mines on 22 September. Minelaying operations continued until 10 May 1940, when the German invasion began. As the Dutch attempted to fight off the overwhelming German invasion forces Willem van der Zaan was deployed in the anti-aircraft role, and laid a tactical mine barrage of the Scheldt estuary with Jan van Brakel and Nautilus. On 13 May she sailed from Den Helder for the UK, arriving at Portsmouth on the 14th, carrying 10 torpedoes and other equipment for the cruiser Sumatra, and four Luftwaffe prisoners from a downed aircraft._NEWLINE_Willem van der Zaan was modified at Portsmouth Dockyard to lay British mines in June, laying 12 dummy mines of Spithead on the 28th as a trial, also testing new paravanes and smokescreen. She was then stationed in Immingham under the command of Senior Officer Minelayers. In cooperation with the British minelayer Plover and auxiliary minelayer Teviot Bank, and protected by ships of the 20th Destroyer Flotilla, Willem van der Zaan completed eight missions and laid 2,198 mines off the east coast of England. On 3 October she sailed to King George's Drydock in Hull for repairs._NEWLINE_On 13 November Willem van der Zaan left Britain for the Netherlands East Indies. Her route took her to Ponta Delgada in the Azores, where two deserters jumped overboard as the ship set sail. One made it back to the occupied Netherlands, while the other drowned. From there she sailed to Freetown, then to Cape Town, Durban and Port Louis, arriving at Tanjung Priok, Batavia, on 14 January 1941. After an overhaul Willem van der Zaan was stationed in the Riouw Archipelago near Singapore, from early April. On 8 December 1941 after the war with Japan began she laid planned minefields until 19 December. From 23 December she was deployed as escort to merchant ships, and was overhauled at Surabaya at the end of the month._NEWLINE_On 7 January 1942 she escorted the steamer Van Rees near Tjilatjap. The Van Rees was sunk the next day by the I-56. On the 9th she rescued 24 survivors from the KPM steamer Van Riebeeck, sunk by I-56 the same day. On the 10th she attacked an ASDIC contact with depth charges, claiming a submarine sunk, though post-war analysis showed no submarines lost on that date. On 19 January Willem van der Zaan and other Dutch minelayers were deployed on an unsuccessful anti-submarine sweep looking for the I-56, which had been fought off by the Dutch merchant ship Japara with her deck gun earlier in the day. From 21 to 24 February she was deployed as a convoy escort. On the 26th she escorted the American seaplane tender Langley, until relieved by the destroyers Whipple and Edsall. On 1 March 1942, as the military situation on Java rapidly deteriorated, Willem van der Zaan escaped to Colombo, arriving on the 9th and joining the British Royal Navy's East Indies Station. On 22 April 1942 she sailed in company with the Dutch submarine K-14 to repair at Bombay, arriving on the 26th. Willem van der Zaan returned to Colombo, and was deployed as a convoy escort in the Indian Ocean for the next 2½ years, operating between Colombo, India, and the Persian Gulf, steaming 152,750 miles and escorting 2,148,835 GRT of Allied shipping._NEWLINE_In October 1944 she sailed for the UK via the Suez Canal and Gibraltar, arriving at London on 16 November. After repairs and maintenance at Eastern Dock, Shadwell Basin, she was towed to Royal Albert Dock for further work, which lasted until 3 March 1945. She then took part in "Operation Buttermilk", intended to close British coastal waters to German submarines. Willem van der Zaan laid 16 mine barrages between 19 March and 5 May, when she laid her last minefield of 102 mines in the English Channel, south of Worthing.
Harbin University of Science and Technology (HrbUST) is the largest province-owned engineering university in Heilongjiang Province, located in city of Harbin._NEWLINE_HrbUST was founded in the early 1950s. After half a century’s development it has become a multidisciplinary university whose discipline layout is featured with electromechanical engineering as its lead as well as an integration of science and engineering, economy, management, humanities, and law._NEWLINE_It has four campuses: East Campus, West Campus, South Campus, and North Campus in three districts: Daoli, Nangang, and Xiangfang, covering over 1,275,000 m², with a total building area of more than 850,000 m², its fixed assets being ¥1.032 billion RMB. The library has a collection of 2.075 million books and about 4,900 Chinese and foreign journals and periodicals._NEWLINE_In 1995, three higher institutes, Harbin University of Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Electrical Technology and Harbin Higher Industrial Vocational College, combined into the present Harbin University of Science and Technology (HUST). Founded in the 1950s, the three all once belonged to the former Ministry of Machinery. In 1998, HUST was transferred to the administration of Heilongjiang Province. In 2008, HUST became one of the 10 key universities of the province. After 60 years of development, this university has become a teaching-research university with distinctive styles and comprehensive strengths, focusing on specialties of engineering and a combination of engineering and science, with coordinated development of the following disciplines: economics, management, philosophy, literature, laws and education. In 2003, HUST was awarded by the Ministry of Education as an excellent university in undergraduate teaching evaluation. In 2011, it received the title of role model of graduates’ employment by the Ministry of Education and in 2015 it became a university jointly constructed by the province and the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defence (SASTIND)._NEWLINE_HUST boasts four campuses, among which the East, West and South campus are in Harbin and the Rongcheng campus is in Rongcheng, Shandong Province, covering 2,100,000 m2, with a total infrastructure area of 950,000 m2. Its library has a collection of 2.48 million books, 6,110 GB e-books, 150,000 Chinese and foreign journals and periodicals, and 31 literature databases. The total number of teaching staff is 2,960, of whom 1,690 are full-time faculty and 1,400 are associate professors or professors, one academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering, and the total number of students has reached 34,000, along with more than 100 international students._NEWLINE_HUST has 20 colleges, one teaching department and one training center, offering 59 bachelor degree programs and nine junior college programs, eight of which are national first-rank characteristic disciplines, three national “Outstanding Engineer Cultivation” pilot specialties; one national bachelor reform pilot specialty, 19 provincial key specialties, six provincial bachelor reform specialties, two provincial “Outstanding Engineer Cultivation” pilot specialties, six provincial bachelor degree reform pilot specialties, two provincial “Outstanding Engineer Cultivation” pilot specialties; six doctorate authorization first-rate disciplines, 21 doctorate authorization second-rate disciplines; 21 master degree authorization first-rate disciplines; 89 master degree authorization second-rate disciplines; five professional master degree authorization disciplines and 19 engineering master degree authorization specialties; seven post-doctoral research stations in the fields of Electrical Engineering, Instrument Science and Technology, Material Science and Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Management Science and Engineering, Business Administration and Computer Science and Technology. High Voltage and Insulation Technology is a state-rate key discipline. There are 10 provincial first-rate key disciplines. HUST also has a Key Lab of the Ministry of Education and an Engineering Research Center of the Ministry of Education, 11 provincial key laboratories (engineering centers), among which the Dielectric Material Engineering Provincial Key Laboratory was rated by the Ministry of Science and Technology as a state-province jointly constructed key pilot laboratory cultivation foundation,High Efficient Cutting and Cutting Tool Technology Engineering Laboratory was rated by the National Development and Reform Commission asa state-province joint engineering laboratory, theAdvanced Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Intelligent Operation Collaborative Innovation Center was rated as one of the first provincial “Collaborative Innovation Centers of 2011”; six provincial college key labs, four provincial college-enterprise cooperation engineering research center and one Architecture Design Institute with class-A aptitude; one national university science park, two national experimental teaching demonstration centers, six national engineering practice centers, two national off-campus practice bases, one national high-quality resource-sharing course, two national high-quality video courses._NEWLINE_Since the 12th Five-Year Plan, HUST has undertaken 171 state projects, including “973 Programs”, “863 Programs” and State Natural Science Foundation projects, 283 provincial projects and 1,130 enterprise-commissioned projects. For the technological achievements, HUST has won 137 awards, among which 81 were of provincial level. The teaching and research staff have published more than 4,600 academic papers, 3,200 of which have been collected into the three major retrieval systems. In teaching research, HUST has won nine first-rate and 17 second-rate provincial teaching achievement awards, five first-rate, 15 second-rate, and 12 third-rate provincial teaching and research achievement awards, undertaking 166 provincial teaching and research programs. 4,114 students have taken part in various competitions: international level, 73; national level, 1,065, and provincial level, 2976, undertaking 102 national students’ innovative programs, 78 provincial students’ innovative programs._NEWLINE_HUST publishes four journals: Electric Machines and Control,Journal of Harbin University of Science and Technology,Science-Technology and Management, and Research of Ideological and Political Education, among whichElectric Machines and Controlis collected into EI Compendex (core) database, a state key journal, a CSCD cited journal, and an excellent sci-tech journal in China. TheJournal of Harbin University of Science and Technologyis a state key academic journal, one of the “China Excellent Sci-tech Journals”.Science-Technology and Managementis a RCCSE core academic journal, a China college sci-tech academic journal with characteristics(2011-2012).Research of Ideological and Political Educationis a CSSCI journal (2014-2015), a China humanities core journal, an RCCSE authoritative academic journal, and one of the “100 Excellent College Hunaities Journals”._NEWLINE_With the guideline of coordinating internal and external resources, HUST actively promotes international cooperation and academic exchanges. So far it has established a long-term cooperation with more than 50 universities or research institutes in more than 20 countries in Europe, America and the Asian-Pacific region, actively engaged in students’ joint cultivating and training, teachers’ academic changes and cooperation and sci-tech research, and upgrading the university’s school-running ability and comprehensive strengths._NEWLINE_With more than 60 years of development, HUST has cultivated tens of thousands of talents for manufacturing industry, and many graduates have become backbones in technical field or leaders in large or medium enterprises. The university is renowned as the “Cradle of Engineers”, the “West Point” in the wire and cable industry. Facing the future, HUST will “stabilize school size, improve school-running capability, highlight school characteristics, and consolidate the basis for a high-level teaching-research university” so that it will be recognized and accepted by the society and in which teachers, students, and alumni will take pride._NEWLINE_To conform to national economy and social development and to take the advantage of talents, HrbUST has set up 45 research institutes guided by the strategy of emphasizing subject development, teaching and research. From 1996 to now, the university has undertaken over 1,951 state and provincial projects with 900 research results (183 winning prizes). The university has published more than 5,770 academic papers, 386 books in special subjects. Insisting on opening to the outside, seizing the opportunity of reforming old industrial bases in the Northeast China, and following the course of manufacturing, learning and researching, HrbUST has set up bases of research result cultivation to transform the results into productive forces and cooperate with local governments.
The Dutch empire comprised the Dutch East Indies (Indonesia), as well as Surinam in South America and some minor possessions. It was smaller in 1945 than in 1815 because the Netherlands was the only colonial power that did not expand into Africa or anywhere else.  The empire was run from Batavia (in Java), where the governor and his technical experts had almost complete authority with little oversight from the Hague. Successive governors improved their bureaucratic and military controls, and allowed very little voice to the locals until the 1920s._NEWLINE_The colony brought economic opportunity to the mother country and there was little concern at the time about it. One exception came in 1860 when Eduard Dekker, under the pen name "Multatuli" wrote the novel Max Havelaar: Or the Coffee Auctions of the Dutch Trading Company, one of the most notable books in the history of Dutch literature. He criticized the exploitation of the colony and as well had harsh words about the indigenous princes who collaborated with the governor. The book helped inspire the Indonesian independence movement in the mid-20th century as well as the "Fair trade" movement for coffee at the end of the century._NEWLINE_The military forces in the Dutch East Indies were controlled by the governor and were not part of the regular Dutch army. As the map shows, the Dutch slowly expanded their holdings from their base in Java to include all of modern Indonesia by 1920. Most islands were not a problem but there was a long, costly campaign against the Achin (Aceh) state in northern Sumatra._NEWLINE_The Netherlands had not fought a major military campaign since the 1760s, and the strength of its armed forces had gradually dwindled. The Dutch decided not to ally themselves with anyone, and kept out of all European wars especially the First World War that swirled about it.
On 8 December 1941, the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor, the Netherlands declared war on Japan. The Dutch government-in-exile in London had for long been working with the UK & US governments to cut off oil supplies to Japan. Japanese forces invaded the Dutch East Indies on 11 January 1942. The Dutch surrendered on 8 March after Japanese troops landed on Java. Dutch citizens and everybody with Dutch ancestry, the so-called "Indo's" were captured and put to work in labour camps or interned. As in the Netherlands, many Dutch ships, planes and military personnel managed to reach safety, in this case Australia; from where they were able to fight again.
The Dutch East Indies had long been a valuable resource to the Netherlands, generating about 14% of the Dutch national income in the 1930s, and was home to thousands of Dutch people and officials, businessmen and missionaries.  By the first half of the twentieth century, new organisations and leadership had developed in the Dutch East Indies. Under its Ethical Policy, the government had helped create an educated Indonesian elite. These profound changes constituted the "Indonesian National Revival". Increased political activism and Japanese occupation undermining Dutch rule culminated in nationalists proclaiming independence on 17 August 1945, two days after the surrender of Japan. The Dutch did not plan to let go, for they would be left as merely a minor second-class power ranking with Denmark perhaps. However, the Netherlands was much too weak to reconquer Indonesia. The Japanese had imprisoned all the Dutch residents, and turned the islands over to a native government, which was widely popular. The British military arrived to disarm the Japanese. The Dutch finally returned and attempted to eradicate the Indonesian National Revolution with force, (sometimes brutal in nature)._NEWLINE_Hundreds of thousands of Indonesians supported the Dutch position; when Independence finally arrived, most of them were relocated to the Netherlands. The UK mediated a compromise signed in March 1947 whereby de facto control of the new Indonesian Republic was acknowledged over Java, Maduro and Sumatra, while acknowledging Dutch control over the numerous smaller and far less important islands. Supposedly there would be a federated Indonesian state and a union with the Netherlands, but that never happened. The Indonesians wanted complete transfer of power, and the Dutch refused. By 1946, the United States was financing the Dutch in Indonesia, and was able to exert pressure on The Hague.  Increasing international pressure—including American hints about cutting off military funds—forced the Netherlands to withdraw. A decisive episode was the success of the Indonesian Republic in crushing a Communist revolt. Washington now realised that Indonesia was part of the Cold War fight against communism, and the Indonesian government was a necessary ally—and that the Dutch tactics were counterproductive and chaotic, and could only provide help to Communist insurgencies. The Netherlands formally recognised Indonesian independence on 27 December 1949. Public opinion blamed Washington for the Dutch colonial failure.  Only Irian, the western half of New Guinea remained under Dutch control as Netherlands New Guinea until 1961, when the Netherlands transferred sovereignty of this area to Indonesia._NEWLINE_During and after the Indonesian National Revolution, over 350,000 people, left Indonesia for the Netherlands.  They included 250,000 Europeans and "Indos" (Dutch-Indonesian Eurasians),  Along with 100,000 military conscripts, and 12,000 South Moluccans settled in the Netherlands. Similarly after independence in 1975, Surinam sent about 115,000 Surinamese.  This out-migration occurred in five distinct waves over a period of twenty years. It included Indos (many of whom spent the war years in Japanese concentration camps), former South Moluccan soldiers and their families, "New-Guinea Issue" Dutch citizens, Dutch citizens from Netherlands New Guinea (including Papuan civil servants and their families), and other Indos who had remained behind but later regretted their decision to take out Indonesian citizenship._NEWLINE_The Indos of Indonesian descent (now numbering around 680,000) is the largest ethnic minority group in the Netherlands. They are integrated into Dutch society, but they have also retained many aspects of their culture and have added a distinct Indonesian flavour to the Netherlands._NEWLINE_Although it was originally feared that the loss of the Dutch East Indies would contribute to an economic decline, the Dutch economy experienced exceptional growth (partly because a disproportionate amount of Marshall Plan aid was received) in the 1950s and 1960s. In fact, the demand for labour was so strong that immigration was actively encouraged, first from Italy and Spain then later on, in larger numbers, from Turkey and Morocco._NEWLINE_Suriname became independent on 25 November 1975. The Dutch government supported independence because it wanted to stem the flow of immigrants from Suriname and also to end its colonial status. However, about one-third of the entire population of Suriname, fearing political unrest and economic decline, relocated to the Netherlands, creating a Surinamese community in the Netherlands that is now roughly as large as the population of Suriname itself.
Soon after the publication of the original ALGOL 60 Report in 1960, issues arose that needed some form of authoritative resolution. ALGOL 60 had been chosen by leading scientific journal Communications of the ACM as its language for algorithms, then an important part of the items published in the Communications. Computer manufacturers and academic groups were laboring to produce implementations. There were issues that needed clarification, such as ambiguities and errors in the Report. Another urgent issue was the complete absence of even basic I/O facilities._NEWLINE_The authors of the ALGOL 60 Report met in Rome, Italy, in April 1962 to resolve most of the ambiguities and errors known at the time, resulting in the Revised Report on the Algorithmic Language ALGOL 60. During that meeting, the authors decided to institutionalize the responsibility for the continued support and maintenance of ALGOL 60 by transferring it to the young international IFIP organization._NEWLINE_To this end, IFIP established a working group under its Technical Committee 2 on Programming. The initial membership consisted largely of most of the original authors, with the addition of several members responsible for ALGOL 60 implementations. IFIP WG 2.1 held its first meeting in August 1962 in Munich, Germany.
The first acceleration programme was made available for submission of applications on July 15, 2013. In a month, the Foundation received 993 applications, 199 of which were rejected as non-core. The Foundation interviewed all the teams, selecting 50 participants of the on-site and 50 participants of the distance acceleration programme. Immediately after the start of the first acceleration programme, a new programme was opened for submission of applications. 34 start-ups participated in the second acceleration programme launched at the end of February 2014. The third accelerator was launched in June 2014, bringing together 24 projects. The fourth acceleration programme launched at the end of September 2014 included 38 projects. Also, in the autumn of 2014, the Foundation expanded the area of investment, focusing on technological trends, and began to attract start-ups from the field of the Big data, gadgets, and the Internet of Things. The fifth on-site acceleration programme that took place from February to April 2015 included 28 projects. The sixth on-site acceleration programme lasted from February 6 to March 6, 2015. In 2015, priority investment areas included telecommunications, software for big businesses, large volume data processing technologies, machine learning, digital content distribution, information security, and intellectual property protection. A total of 174 projects completed IIDF's acceleration programmes.
Iteratees were created due to problems with existing purely functional solutions to the problem of making input/output composable yet correct. Lazy I/O in Haskell allowed pure functions to operate on data on disk as if it were in memory, without explicitly doing I/O at all after opening the file - a kind of memory-mapped file feature - but because it was impossible in general (due to the Halting problem) for the runtime to know whether the file or other resource was still needed, excessive numbers of files could be left open unnecessarily, resulting in file descriptor exhaustion at the operating system level. Traditional C-style I/O, on the other hand, was too low-level and required the developer to be concerned with low-level details such as the current position in the file, which hindered composability. Iteratees and enumerators combine the high-level functional programming benefits of lazy I/O, with the ability to control resources and low-level details where necessary afforded by C-style I/O.
In a sense, a distant predecessor of the notion of an enumerator pushing data into a chain of one or more iteratees, was the pipeline concept in operating systems. However, unlike a typical pipeline, iteratees are not separate processes (and hence do not have the overhead of IPC) - or even separate threads, although they can perform work in a similar manner to a chain of worker threads sending messages to each other. This means that iteratees are more lightweight than processes or threads - unlike the situations with separate processes or threads, no extra stacks are needed._NEWLINE_Iteratees and enumerators were invented by Oleg Kiselyov for use in Haskell. Later, they were introduced into Scalaz (in version 5.0; enumeratees were absent and were introduced in Scalaz 7) and into Play Framework 2.0.
As of 2010, JMule is under an active development mostly using open source software. The main IDE is Eclipse with AspectJ plugin that runs on Ubuntu Linux. The source code is stored in a public CVS repository provided by SourceForge.net The JMule Team releases nightly builds of the client but not on a regular basis. In 2010, the development priority was focused on Kad DHT and network infrastructure.
Based on a component-driven UI design-model, JavaServer Faces uses XML files called view templates or Facelets views. The FacesServlet processes requests, loads the appropriate view template, builds a component tree, processes events, and renders the response (typically in the HTML language) to the client. The state of UI components and other objects of scope interest is saved at the end of each request in a process called stateSaving (note: transient true), and restored upon next creation of that view. Either the client or the server side can save objects and states.
JSF is often used together with Ajax, a Rich Internet application development technique. Ajax is a combination of web development techniques and technologies that make it possible to create rich user interfaces. The user interface components in Mojarra (the JSF reference implementation) and Apache MyFaces were originally developed for HTML only, and Ajax had to be added via JavaScript. This has changed, however:_NEWLINE_Because JSF supports multiple output formats, Ajax-enabled components can easily be added to enrich JSF-based user interfaces. The JSF 2.0 specification provides built-in support for Ajax by standardizing the Ajax request lifecycle and providing simple development interfaces to Ajax events, allowing any event triggered by the client to go through proper validation, conversion, and finally method invocation, before returning the result to the browser via an XML DOM update._NEWLINE_JSF 2 includes support for graceful degradation when JavaScript is disabled in the browser.
Facelets (that was designed specifically for JavaServer Faces) was adopted as the official view technology for JSF 2.0. This eliminates the life-cycle conflicts that existed with JSP, forcing workarounds by Java developers. Facelets allows easy component/tag creation using XML markup instead of Java code, the chief complaint against JSF 1.x._NEWLINE_The new JSF developments also provide wide accessibility to Java 5 annotations such as @ManagedBean,  @ManagedProperty and @FacesComponent that removes the need for faces-config.xml in all cases except framework extension. Navigation has been simplified, removing the need for faces-config.xml navigation cases. Page transitions can be invoked simply by passing the name of the desired View/Facelet._NEWLINE_Addition of Partial State Saving and DOM updates are part of the built-in standardized Ajax support._NEWLINE_The latest JSF release has built-in support for handling resources like images, CSS and Javascript, allowing artifacts to be included with component libraries, separated into JAR files, or simply co-located into a consistent place within the Web application. This includes logical naming and versioning of resources._NEWLINE_JSF 2.0 also includes a number of other changes like adding support for events, separate development, staging, and production modes, similar to RAILS_ENV in Ruby on Rails, and significantly expanding the standard set of components.
In their January 2014 "Technology Radar" publication, ThoughtWorks wrote:_NEWLINE_We continue to see teams run into trouble using JSF -- JavaServer Faces -- and are recommending you avoid this technology. Teams seem to choose JSF because it is a JEE standard without really evaluating whether the programming model suits them. We think JSF is flawed because it tries to abstract away HTML, CSS and HTTP, exactly the reverse of what modern web frameworks do. JSF, like ASP.NET webforms, attempts to create statefulness on top of the stateless protocol HTTP and ends up causing a whole host of problems involving shared server-side state. We are aware of the improvements in JSF 2.0, but think the model is fundamentally broken. We recommend teams use simple frameworks and embrace and understand web technologies including HTTP, HTML and CSS._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_In the article published November 2014 in the DZone website, titled "Why You Should Avoid JSF", Jens Schauder wrote: _NEWLINE_Facelets, the preferred presentation technology of JSF looks at first sight like an ordinary templating technology like the good old JSP or Thymeleaf. But if you look closer the horror becomes obvious. In the same place where you structure your HTML, you also place the logic what parts of the UI should get updated on an action. A clear violation of the separation of concerns principle in my book. Even better is the immediate attribute which changes the server side life cycle! And if this isn’t enough it does it in different ways depending on what tag you use it on. You can’t make stuff like this up.
In February 2014, Çağatay Çivici (PrimeFaces Lead) responded to ThoughtWorks criticisms in a post titled: JSF is not what you’ve been told anymore. Çivici argues that improvements in JSF over the years offer many features that embrace modern web development, providing the option to write your own JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Also regarding state, Çağatay wrote: _NEWLINE_JSF is a stateful framework by nature and state makes web applications easy to develop with. With improved state management techniques introduced in JSF 2.0+ (e.g. stateless mode, partial state saving), JSF can scale as well.
The k shortest path routing problem is a generalization of the shortest path routing problem in a given network. It asks not only about a shortest path but also about next k−1 shortest paths (which may be longer than the shortest path). A variation of the problem is the loopless k shortest paths._NEWLINE_Finding k shortest paths is possible by extending Dijkstra algorithm or Bellman-Ford algorithm and extend them to find more than one path.
There are two main variations of the k shortest path routing problem.  In on variation, paths are allowed to visit the same node more than once, thus creating loops.  In another variation, paths are required to be simple and loopless.  The loopy version is solvable using Eppstein's algorithm and the loopless variation is solvable by Yen's algorithm.
In this variant, the problem is simplified by not requiring paths to be loopless.  A solution was given by B. L. Fox in 1975 in which the k-shortest paths are determined in O(m + kn log n) asymptotic time complexity (using big O notation.  In 1998, David Eppstein reported an approach that maintains an asymptotic complexity of O(m + n log n + k) by computing an implicit representation of the paths, each of which can be output in O(n) extra time. In 2007, John Hershberger and Subhash Suri proposed a replacement paths algorithm, a more efficient implementation of Eppstein's algorithm with O(n) improvement in time. In 2015, Akuba et al. devised an indexing method as a significantly faster alternative for Eppstein's algorithm, in which a data structure called an index is constructed from a graph and then top-k distances between arbitrary pairs of vertices can be rapidly obtained.
In the loopless variant, the paths are forbidden to contain loops which adds an additional level of complexity. It can be solved using Yen's algorithm to find the lengths of all shortest paths from a fixed node to all other nodes in an n-node non negative-distance network, a technique requiring only 2n² additions and n² comparison, fewer than other available shortest path algorithms need.  The running time complexity is pseudo-polynomial, being O(kn(m + n log n)) (where m and n represent the number of edges and vertices, respectively).
Another example is the use of k shortest paths algorithm to track multiple objects. The technique implements a multiple object tracker based on the k shortest paths routing algorithm. A set of probabilistic occupancy maps is used as input. An object detector provides the input._NEWLINE_The complete details can be found at "Computer Vision Laboratory – CVLAB" .
Another use of k shortest paths algorithms is to design a transit network that enhances passengers' experience in public transportation systems. Such an example of a transit network can be constructed by putting traveling time under consideration. In addition to traveling time, other conditions may be taken depending upon economical and geographical limitations. Despite variations in parameters, the k shortest path algorithms finds the most optimal solutions that satisfies almost all user needs. Such applications of k shortest path algorithms are becoming common, recently Xu, He, Song, and Chaudry (2012) studied the k shortest path problems in transit network systems.
On the 2019 Indonesian general election, several branches of GPK in Jambi and Central Java, led by Syihabudin as the chairman of GPK, declared their support for Prabowo's presidency in the election. The declaration was attended by two sons of KH. Maimoen Zubair, the chairman of the PPP Sharia Council. Other members of PPP also attended the declaration, such as, Humphrey Djemat, Bahtiar Hamzah, and Mudrick Sangidoe. They claimed that the support was due to the "betrayal" of Jokowi to Romahurmuziy, the chairman of PPP. After the arrest of Romahurmuziy in a corruption case, several members of Jokowi's campaign team requested the removal of Jokowi's face in PPP campaign banners and posters. GPK also obliged that all of their branches should support Prabowo._NEWLINE_PPP responds to this by stating that "Syihabudin's term as the chairman of GPK has expired, and therefore they were deemed illegal". GPK's act in Jambi and Central Java wasn't recognized by the PPP, and PPP considered them as a group of leftovers from the PPP faction of Humphrey Djemat that supports Prabowo, and struggled against the government backed faction of Romahurmuziy that supports Jokowi. This support showed that even though the conflict between Djan Humphrey and Romahurmuziy has been reconciled through the 3rd Mukernas, the conflict still exists in the grassroots of PPP. PPP resolved this problem by refreshing the ranks of GPK and held the consolidation of branches of GPK, to support Jokowi as president, and align the visions of PPP underbouws.
About 300 species of fish have been identified in the river basin, of which 234 are of high economical value. This is more fish species than any other river basin in Indonesia. They belong to 120 genera and 40 families with the two major groups being cyprinids and catfish. More than 30% of the species originate from the sea and inhabit the delta areas. Among the economically important species are food fish such as Pangasius catfish, giant gourami, kissing gourami, snakeheads and large barbs (Leptobarbus, Puntioplites, Tor and others), and species from the aquarium trade such as the super red arowana and rasboras. Because of overfishing and habitat degradation, several species are threatened. Among these are the endangered arowana and white-edge freshwater whipray, and the wallago catfish, which formerly migrated in large groups in the Kapuas River._NEWLINE_Part of the high species diversity in the Kapuas is related to the many different habitats in the river basin. In the headwaters are fast-flowing highland streams, typically dominated by small loaches, and small —often acidic (blackwater)— forest streams and peat swamps with species such as the tiny Sundadanio rasboras and macropodusine gouramis. The main river itself also includes several habitats, ranging from the nearshore to open waters. In the deepest sections, no light exists and in one species, Lepidocephalus spectrum, this has resulted in a complete reduction of both eyes and pigmentation (similar to cavefish)._NEWLINE_Owing to the warm climate and abundance of food, most fishes breed all through the year with only a few species like fire eel (Mastacembelus erythrotaenia) having certain reproduction periods. The number of individuals per species is relatively low. The large variety of species may be explained by the fact that some 6,000 years ago, the Kapuas River, as a tributary of the Sunda River, was connected to other tributary rivers of South Sumatra, Java and Malay Peninsula. Apart from fish, there are numerous crabs, prawns, water striders and other aquatic insects. The rich flora and fauna results in very complex food chains, with fishes consuming foods ranging from fruits to other fish. For example, Hemirhamphodon pogonognathus feeds exclusively on terrestrial insects. Abundant fruits and seeds enter the river after falling from large trees which bend over its waters. The feeding habits of the fish in the Kapuas River are distributed as follows: 54% are omnivores; 36% are carnivorous and eat other fish (14%), insects (5%) and mixed small forest animals (17%). The remaining 10% are herbivorous, with 4% of them specialising in algae.
Kiva Software was founded in May 1994 by Keng Lim, its chairman and CEO, who saw the opportunity to leverage the internet as a platform for running business applications. In January 1996, Kiva Enterprise Server was launched. It was the first Java application server to market, and it also supported application development in C++._NEWLINE_By mid-1997, the company had shipped two major releases of Kiva Enterprise Server; grown to over 100 employees at five field offices; raised US$13.9 million in capital investment over two rounds of funding; and, according to Lim in a Red Herring interview, was expecting to go public by the middle of 1998, barring an acquisition._NEWLINE_In December 1997, Kiva Software was acquired by Netscape Communications as an "important strategic technology for linking people and businesses together through Intranets, Extranets and the Internet." Netscape issued 6.3 million shares of Netscape stock to purchase 100 percent of Kiva stock and options, a deal valued at US$180 million. Kiva Enterprise Server was folded into Netscape's suite of server products and became Netscape Application Server._NEWLINE_In 1999, America Online (AOL) acquired Netscape in a stock swap valued at US$10 billion, and formed a partnership with Sun Microsystems. As part of the three-way deal, Sun Microsystems licensed Netscape's server software for $350 million over three years. The Sun-Netscape alliance rolled out a new brand name, iPlanet, which was used for all the server products. The Netscape Application Server was chosen as the code base for the iPlanet Application Server, even though there had been talk that the iPlanet Application Server would be a combination of both Netscape Application Server and NetDynamics Application Server. NetDynamics, a former competitor of Kiva Software, had been acquired by Sun in 1998, prior to the Sun-Netscape alliance._NEWLINE_In 2002, when the three-year alliance between AOL/Netscape and Sun ended, per the agreement, Sun took sole control of the iPlanet software. iPlanet was absorbed into Sun, and iPlanet Application Server was rebranded as Sun ONE Application Server, and, later, the Sun Java System Application Server.
Kiva Software's products included Kiva Enterprise Server, the platform on which web applications were deployed and managed; Kiva Application Builder, the graphical development tool for building applications; and the Kiva SDK (available in both Java and C++), which packaged foundation classes and methods.
Palmer has developed a method for finding the best-fit function to any chosen number of harmonics, allowing more freedom to find non-sinusoidal harmonic functions. _NEWLINE_This method is a fast technique (FFT-based) for doing weighted least-squares analysis on arbitrarily spaced data with non-uniform standard errors.  Source code that implements this technique is available._NEWLINE_Because data are often not sampled at uniformly spaced discrete times, this method "grids" the data by sparsely filling a time series array at the sample times.  All intervening grid points receive zero statistical weight, equivalent to having infinite error bars at times between samples.
Lubachevsky-Stillinger (compression) algorithm (LS algorithm, LSA, or LS protocol) is a numerical procedure suggested by F. H. Stillinger and B.D. Lubachevsky that simulates or imitates a physical process of compressing an assembly of hard particles. As the LSA may need thousands of arithmetic operations even for a few particles, it is usually carried out on a computer.
The state of particle jamming is achieved via simulating a granular flow. The flow is rendered as a discrete event simulation, the events being particle-particle or particle-boundary collisions. Ideally, the calculations should have been_NEWLINE_performed with the infinite precision. Then the jamming would have occurred ad infinitum. In practice, the precision is finite as is the available resolution of representing the real numbers in the computer memory, for example, a double-precision resolution. The real calculations are stopped when inter-collision runs of the non-rattler particles become_NEWLINE_smaller than an explicitly or implicitly specified small threshold. For example, it is useless to continue the calculations when inter-collision runs are smaller than the roundoff error._NEWLINE_The LSA is efficient in the sense that the events are processed essentially in an event-driven fashion, rather than in a time-driven fashion. This means almost no calculation is wasted on computing or maintaining the positions and velocities of the particles between the collisions. Among the event-driven algorithms intended for the same task of simulating granular flow, like, for example, the algorithm of D.C. Rapaport, the LSA is distinguished by a simpler data structure and data handling._NEWLINE_For any particle at any stage of calculations the LSA keeps record of only two events: an old, already processed committed event, which comprises the committed event time stamp, the particle state (including position and velocity), and, perhaps, the "partner" which could be another particle or boundary identification, the one with which the particle collided in the past, and a new event proposed for a future processing with a similar set of parameters. The new event is not committed. The maximum of the committed old event times must never exceed the minimum of the non-committed new event times._NEWLINE_Next particle to be examined by the algorithm has the current minimum of new event times. At examining the chosen particle,_NEWLINE_what was previously the new event, is declared to be the old one and to be committed, whereas the next new event is being scheduled, with its new time stamp, new state, and new partner, if any. As the next new event for a particle is being set,_NEWLINE_some of the neighboring particles may update their non-committed new events to better account for the new information._NEWLINE_As the calculations of the LSA progress, the collision rates of particles may and usually do increase. Still the LSA successfully approaches the jamming state as long as those rates remain comparable among all the particles, except for the rattlers. (Rattlers experience consistently low collision rates. This property allows one to detect rattlers.) However, _NEWLINE_it is possible for a few particles, even just for a single particle, to experience a very high collision rate along the approach to a certain simulated time. The rate will be increasing without a bound in proportion to the rates of collisions in the rest of the particle ensemble. If this happens, then the simulation will be stuck in time, it won't be able to progress toward the state of jamming._NEWLINE_The stuck-in-time failure can also occur when simulating a granular flow without particle compression or expansion. This failure mode was recognized by the practitioners of granular flow simulations as an "inelastic collapse"  because it often occurs in such simulations when the restitution coefficient in collisions is low (i.e. inelastic). The failure is not specific to only the LSA algorithm. Techniques to avoid the failure have been proposed.
The LSA was a by-product of an attempt to find a fair measure of speedup in parallel simulations. The Time Warp parallel simulation algorithm by David Jefferson was advanced as a method to simulate asynchronous spatial interactions of fighting units in combat models on a parallel computer. Colliding particles models offered similar simulation tasks with spatial interactions of particles but clear of the details that are non-essential for exposing the simulation techniques. The speedup was presented as the ratio of the execution time on a uniprocessor over that on a multiprocessor, when executing the same parallel Time Warp algorithm. Boris D. Lubachevsky noticed that such a speedup assessment might be faulty because executing a parallel algorithm for a task on a uniprocessor is not necessarily the fastest way to perform the task on such a machine. The LSA was created in an attempt to produce a faster uniprocessor simulation and hence to have a more fair assessment of the parallel speedup. Later on, a parallel simulation algorithm, different from the Time Warp, was also proposed, that, when run on a uniprocessor, reduces to the LSA.
The Macintosh startup chime is played on power-up, before trying to boot an operating system. The sound indicates that diagnostic tests run immediately at startup have found no hardware or fundamental software problems. The specific sound differs depending on the ROM, which greatly varies depending on Macintosh model. The first sound version in the first three Macintosh models is a simple square-wave "beep", and all subsequent sounds are various chords._NEWLINE_Mark Lentczner created the code for the arpeggiated chord used on the Macintosh II. Variations of this sound were used until Jim Reekes created the startup chime used for the Quadra 700 through the Quadra 800. Reekes said, "The startup sound was done in my home studio on a Korg Wavestation EX. It's a C major chord, played with both hands stretched out as wide as possible (with 3rd at the top, if I recall)." He created the sound as he was annoyed with the tri-tone startup chimes as he felt they were too associated with the death chimes and the computer crashes. He recalls that Apple did not give him permission to change the sound but that he secretly snuck the sound into the computers with the help of engineers who were in charge of the ROM chips. When Apple found out about this, he refused to change it, using various claims in order to keep the new sound intact. He was also the creator of the iconic (or "earconic", as he calls it) "bong" startup chime used in most Macintoshes since the Quadra 840AV. A slightly lower-pitched version of this chime was used on all PCI-based Power Macs until the iMac G3. The Macintosh LC, LC II, and Macintosh Classic II do not use the Reekes chime, instead using an F major chord that just produces a "ding" sound. The first generation of Power Macintosh computers also do not use the Reekes chime, instead using a chord strummed on a Yamaha 12-string acoustic guitar by jazz guitarist Stanley Jordan. Further, the Power Macintosh 5200–6300 computers (excluding the 5400 and 5500, which have the "bong" chime like the one used for the PCI-based Power Macs) use a unique chime, which was also used for the television commercials for the Power Macintosh and PowerBook series from 1995 until 1998, and the 20th Anniversary Macintosh uses another unique sound._NEWLINE_For models built prior to the introduction of the Power Macintosh in 1994, a Sad Mac icon, an error code, and distinctive sounds, are displayed on failure of initial self-diagnostic tests. This phenomenon is referred to as the "Chimes of Death"._NEWLINE_The chime for all Mac computers from 1998-2016 is the same chime used first in the iMac G3. The chord is a F-sharp major chord, and was produced by pitch-shifting the 840AV's sound. The Mac startup chime is now a registered trademark in the United States, and is featured in the 2008 film WALL-E when the titular robot character is fully recharged by solar panels as well as in the 2007 Brad Paisley song "Online"."_NEWLINE_As of 2016, Apple has removed the startup chime starting with the late 2016 MacBook Pro. Apple has since updated its support documentation to reflect this change, removing references to the startup chime from the NVRAM reset instructions for this model.
A Happy Mac is the normal bootup (startup) icon of an Apple Macintosh computer running older versions of the Mac operating system. It was designed by Susan Kare in the 1980s, drawing inspiration from the design of the Compact Macintosh series and from the Batman character Two-Face.  The icon remained unchanged until the introduction of New World ROM Macs, when it was updated to 8-bit color. The Happy Mac indicates that booting has successfully begun, whereas a Sad Mac (along with the "Chimes of Death" melody or one or more beeps) indicates a hardware problem._NEWLINE_When a Macintosh boots into Mac OS 9 or lower, the system will play its startup chime, the screen will turn gray, and the Happy Mac icon will appear, followed by the Mac OS splash screen (or the small "Welcome to Macintosh" screen in System 7.5 and earlier), which underwent several stylistic changes. Mac OS versions 8.6 and later also includes the version number in this splash screen (for example, "Welcome to Mac OS 8.6")._NEWLINE_On early Macs that had no internal hard drive, the computer boots up to a point where it needs to load the operating system from a floppy disk. Until the user inserts the correct disk, the Mac displays a floppy icon with a blinking question mark. In later Macs, a folder icon with a question mark that repeatedly changes to the Finder icon is shown if a System Folder or boot loader file cannot be found on the startup disk._NEWLINE_With the introduction of Mac OS X, in addition to the blinking system folder icon, a prohibition icon was added to show an incorrect OS version found. The bomb screen was replaced with a kernel panic, which was originally colored white but was changed to black in version 10.3. With Mac OS X 10.1, a new Happy Mac was included. This is also the last version that had a Happy Mac icon; in version 10.2, the Happy Mac symbol was replaced with the Apple logo._NEWLINE_The Face ID logo for the iPhone X was based off the Happy Mac.
Gödel's incompleteness theorems are two theorems of mathematical logic that establish inherent limitations of all but the most trivial axiomatic systems capable of doing arithmetic.  The theorems, proven by Kurt Gödel in 1931, are important both in mathematical logic and in the philosophy of mathematics. The two results are widely, but not universally, interpreted as showing that Hilbert's program to find a complete and consistent set of axioms for all mathematics is impossible, giving a negative answer to Hilbert's second problem._NEWLINE_The first incompleteness theorem states that no consistent system of axioms whose theorems can be listed by an "effective procedure" (e.g., a computer program, but it could be any sort of algorithm) is capable of proving all truths about the relations of the natural numbers (arithmetic).  For any such system, there will always be statements about the natural numbers that are true, but that are unprovable within the system. The second incompleteness theorem, an extension of the first, shows that such a system cannot demonstrate its own consistency.
The Entscheidungsproblem (German for 'decision problem') is a challenge posed by David Hilbert in 1928. The Entscheidungsproblem asks for an algorithm that takes as input a statement of a first-order logic (possibly with a finite number of axioms beyond the usual axioms of first-order logic) and answers "Yes" or "No" according to whether the statement is universally valid, i.e., valid in every structure satisfying the axioms. By the completeness theorem of first-order logic, a statement is universally valid if and only if it can be deduced from the axioms, so the Entscheidungsproblem can also be viewed as asking for an algorithm to decide whether a given statement is provable from the axioms using the rules of logic._NEWLINE_In 1936, Alonzo Church and Alan Turing published independent papers showing that a general solution to the Entscheidungsproblem is impossible, assuming that the intuitive notation of "effectively calculable" is captured by the functions computable by a Turing machine (or equivalently, by those expressible in the lambda calculus). This assumption is now known as the Church–Turing thesis.
In 1993, Vatikiotis published his first book, Indonesian Politics under Suharto (ISBN 978-0-415-10707-5). In 1996, he published Political Change in Southeast Asia: Trimming the Banyan Tree (ISBN 978-0-415-13484-2)._NEWLINE_His first work of fiction was published in 2001, after he moved to Hong Kong as managing Editor of the Far Eastern Economic Review. Debatable Land (ISBN 978-981-04-2623-1) is a collection of short stories set in Southeast Asia that focus on the region’s political transition.  As stated in an article in The Wall Street Journal Asia about the work, "Neither fact, nor history, nor entirely fiction, Mr. Vatikiotis's stories dwell in the twilight region between reportage and literature."_NEWLINE_In 2004 Vatikiotis published The Spice Garden (ISBN 978-9799796424), a novel set in the eastern Indonesian islands of Maluku.  The story follows two friends, a Catholic priest and a Muslim trader, who confront a sudden and terrifying outbreak of religious conflict. Time magazine praised the novel for "evoking the sights and scents of the Tropics, unsparing in its portrayal of the violence of the era". The article added that Vatikiotis is "admirably evenhanded in his attempts to elucidate the social forces that underlay it."_NEWLINE_John Walsh at The Asian Review of Books commented that the novel "Ultimately, celebrates the ambiguity and compromise that human frailty requires for society to continuity", later adding "Vatikiotis is to be praised for bringing this episode to greater public attention and presenting it with skill and sensitivity."_NEWLINE_In 2007, Vatikiotis published Singapore Ground Zero (ISBN 978-981-05-8782-6), a second collection of short stories, addressing misconceptions about Muslim fundamentalism, which he feels is an aspect of the region that is distorted in the way it is projected in the media. When discussing Ground Zero, Vatikiotis recalls "I wanted to write stories that highlight the ironies and contradictions of the situation and bring out different aspects of the problem other than the mainstream ones." He stated that "fiction actually gives him more freedom than journalism to focus on certain aspects of an issue."_NEWLINE_Another novel, The Painter of Lost Souls, (ISBN 978-9792510089) was published in 2012. It is the story of Sito, a brilliantly gifted artist who leaves his home in a poor village in Central Java while still in his teens, to make his name and his fortune in the royal city of Jogjakarta. The Wall Street Journal notes that Mr. Vatikiotis "writes earnestly about Indonesia, and his novel brims with edifying discursions on Javanese history, culture and religion", whilst also mentioning that "Mr. Vatikiotis's reporting experience in the region is obvious in the novel's colorful details on local history and urban-rural contrasts."_NEWLINE_Vatikiotis has contributed essays and text to two books of photography: Over Indonesia: Aerial Views of the Archipelago (ISBN 978-9813018846), published in 1992, with photography by Rio Helmi and Guido Alberto Rossi, and Indonesia: Islands of the Imagination (ISBN 978-0804843980), published in 2006, with photography by Jill Gocher._NEWLINE_In 2017, Vatikiotis published Blood and Silk: Power and Conflict in Modern Southeast Asia (ISBN 978-1474602006), an observer's account of the changing social and political landscape of Southeast Asia.
The outbreak of war in the Far East found the United Kingdom critically overstretched. British forces in the area were weak in almost all arms. On 8 December 1941, the Japanese launched invasions of Thailand, Malaya and Hong Kong._NEWLINE_On 10 December 1941, the first major setback to British power in the region was the sinking of HMS Prince of Wales and HMS Repulse by Japanese land-based planes. The sinking of these ships was triply significant. It represented the loss of the last Allied capital ships in the Pacific left after the Pearl Harbor disaster. The Prince of Wales and the Repulse were the only Allied modern or 'fast' battleships to be sunk in the entire war. It was the first time that a battleship had been sunk by enemy aircraft while underway at sea._NEWLINE_Reverses in the air and on the ground soon followed. Japanese forces had naval superiority, and they used it to make outflanking amphibious landings as they advanced down the Malayan peninsula towards Singapore. Japanese assaults from the ground and air soon made the forward landing grounds that much of the RAF's only real hope of defending Singapore from the air rested upon untenable. The RAF took a toll of Japanese forces, but there were never enough aircraft to do anything more than delay the Japanese offensive. Indian, British, and Australian army forces in Malaya were larger in numbers than the other services. But they were equally ill-prepared and ill-led. They were committed in numbers both too small and too poorly positioned to counter the Japanese tactic of outflanking strongpoints through the jungle. Over a period of several weeks, the Allied ground forces steadily gave ground._NEWLINE_In early 1942, Singapore was critically unprepared for the assault that came. It had been neglected during the famine years for defence of the 1930s. It had then suffered during the war as British efforts were focused on defeating Germany and Italy. The colony was run by a Governor who did not want to "upset" the civilian population. Military neglect was exacerbated when he refused to allow defensive preparations before the Japanese arrived._NEWLINE_Following Japanese landings on Singapore, intense fighting occurred over several days. But the poorly led and increasingly disorganised Allied forces were steadily driven into a small pocket on the island._NEWLINE_On 15 February 1942, General Arthur Percival surrendered the 80,000 strong garrison of Singapore. This was the largest surrender of personnel under British leadership in history. Many of the troops saw little or no action. The civilian population then suffered a brutal Japanese occupation. Some aircraft escaped to Sumatra and Java, but those islands also fell to the Japanese within a short time. British forces were forced back to India and Ceylon.
In Burma, the Japanese attacked in January, 1942 – shortly after the outbreak of war. However, they did not begin to make real progress until the fall of Malaya (31 January 1942) and of Singapore (February, 1942). After that, Tokyo could transfer large numbers of aircraft to the Burma front to overwhelm the Allied forces._NEWLINE_The first Japanese attacks were aimed at taking Rangoon, the major port in Burma, which offered the Allies many advantages of supply. It had at first been defended relatively successfully, with the weak RAF forces reinforced by a squadron of the famous American Volunteer Group, better known as the Flying Tigers. However, as the Japanese attack developed, the amount of warning the Rangoon airfields could get of attack decreased, and thus they became increasingly untenable._NEWLINE_By the start of March, Japanese forces had cut the British forces in two. Rangoon was evacuated and the port demolished. Its garrison then broke through the Japanese lines thanks to an error on the part of the Japanese commander. The British commander in Burma, Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Hutton was removed from command shortly before Rangoon fell. He was replaced by Sir Harold Alexander._NEWLINE_With the fall of Rangoon, a British evacuation of Burma became inevitable. Supplies could not be moved to maintain fighting forces in Burma on a large scale, since the ground communications were dreadful, sea communications risky in the extreme (along with the fact that there was only one other port of any size in Burma besides Rangoon) and air communications out of the question due to lack of transport aircraft._NEWLINE_Besides the Japanese superiority in training and experience, command problems beset the Burma campaign. The 1st Burma Division and Indian 17th Infantry Division at first had to be controlled directly by the Burma Army headquarters under Hutton. Burma was also swapped from command to command during the early months of the war. It had been the responsibility of GHQ India since 1937, but in the early weeks of the war, it was transferred from India to the ill-fated ABDA Command (ABDACOM). ABDA was based in Java, and it was simply impossible for Wavell, the Supreme Commander of ABDA, to keep in touch with the situation in Burma without neglecting his other responsibilities. Shortly before ABDA was dissolved, responsibility for Burma was transferred back to India. Interactions with the Chinese proved problematic. Chiang Kai-shek, the leader of Nationalist China, was a poor strategist, and the Chinese Army suffered from severe command problems, with orders having to come directly from Chiang himself if they were to be obeyed. The ability of many Chinese commanders was called into question. Finally, the Chinese Army was lacking in the ancillary services which allow a force to fight a modern war._NEWLINE_The problems with the Chinese were never satisfactorily resolved. However, after the dissolution of ABDA, India retained control of operations in Burma until the formation of South East Asia Command in late 1943. The problems of a lack of corps headquarters were also solved. A skeleton force known as Burcorps was formed under Lieutenant General Sir William Slim, later to gain fame as the commander of the Fourteenth Army._NEWLINE_Burcorps retreated almost constantly, and suffered several disastrous losses, but it eventually managed to reach India in May 1942, just before the monsoon broke. Had it still been in Burma after the monsoon broke, it would have been cut off, and likely destroyed by the Japanese. The divisions making up Burcorps were withdrawn from the line for long refit periods.
Mireille Hildebrandt (born 1958) is a Dutch lawyer and philosopher who works at the intersection between law and computer science. She is the Research Professor on 'Interfacing Law and Technology' at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and holds the Chair of Smart Environments, Data Protection and the Rule of Law at the Institute for Computing and Information Sciences (iCIS) at Radboud University Nijmegen._NEWLINE_She is also the principal investigator of the 'Counting as a Human Being in the Era of Computational Law' project that runs from 2019–2024 and is funded by the European Research Council. The research targets two forms of computational law: machine learning and blockchain technology._NEWLINE_She has published four scientific monographs, 21 edited volumes or special issues, and over 100 chapters and articles in scientific journals and volumes.  In 2015, she delivered the Chorley Lecture at the London School of Economics.
Naburiya was a Jewish village in the Galilee during the First and Second Temple periods.  Neburaya, identical with Nabratein, is located north of Safed and is the place where Eleazar of Modi'im and Jacob of Kfar Neburaya, a compiler of the Haggadah, are buried. The excavated remains of the Naburiya synagogue indicate that it is one of the oldest in the Galilee. The original synagogue was enlarged during the third century and destroyed in the Galilee earthquake of 363._NEWLINE_The final, and much larger, synagogue building was constructed in the late 6th century reusing stones from the earlier building. The year of its construction is known from the inscription over the main door, now displayed at the Israel Museum: “Built four hundred and ninety four years after the destruction of the Temple under the leadership of Hanina ben Lizar and Luliana bar Yuden.” The building stood until 640 CE. The façade was partially reconstructed by the Jewish National Fund and the Israel Antiquities Authority._NEWLINE_The seven-branched Menorah surrounded by a wreath over the door of the Henry S. Frank Memorial Synagogue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is copied from the Nabratein synagogue._NEWLINE_When Lieut. Kitchener of the Palestine Exploration Fund visited the site in 1877, he found the remains of the synagogue completely leveled to the ground and its columns fallen, along with a lintel of the main entrance.
The scientific study of the nervous system increased significantly during the second half of the twentieth century, principally due to advances in molecular biology, electrophysiology, and computational neuroscience. This has allowed neuroscientists to study the nervous system in all its aspects:  how it is structured, how it works, how it develops, how it malfunctions, and how it can be changed._NEWLINE_For example, it has become possible to understand, in much detail, the complex processes occurring within a single neuron. Neurons are cells specialized for communication. They are able to communicate with neurons and other cell types through specialized junctions called synapses, at which electrical or electrochemical signals can be transmitted from one cell to another. Many neurons extrude a long thin filament of axoplasm called an axon, which may extend to distant parts of the body and are capable of rapidly carrying electrical signals, influencing the activity of other neurons, muscles, or glands at their termination points. A nervous system emerges from the assemblage of neurons that are connected to each other._NEWLINE_The vertebrate nervous system can be split into two parts: the central nervous system (defined as the brain and spinal cord), and the peripheral nervous system. In many species — including all vertebrates — the nervous system is the most complex organ system in the body, with most of the complexity residing in the brain. The human brain alone contains around one hundred billion neurons and one hundred trillion synapses; it consists of thousands of distinguishable substructures, connected to each other in synaptic networks whose intricacies have only begun to be unraveled. At least one out of three of the approximately 20,000 genes belonging to the human genome is expressed mainly in the brain._NEWLINE_Due to the high degree of plasticity of the human brain, the structure of its synapses and their resulting functions change throughout life._NEWLINE_Making sense of the nervous system's dynamic complexity is a formidable research challenge. Ultimately, neuroscientists would like to understand every aspect of the nervous system, including how it works, how it develops, how it malfunctions, and how it can be altered or repaired. Analysis of the nervous system is therefore performed at multiple levels, ranging from the molecular and cellular levels to the systems and cognitive levels. The specific topics that form the main foci of research change over time, driven by an ever-expanding base of knowledge and the availability of increasingly sophisticated technical methods. Improvements in technology have been the primary drivers of progress. Developments in electron microscopy, computer science, electronics, functional neuroimaging, and genetics and genomics have all been major drivers of progress.
Questions in computational neuroscience can span a wide range of levels of traditional analysis, such as development, structure, and cognitive functions of the brain. Research in this field utilizes mathematical models, theoretical analysis, and computer simulation to describe and verify biologically plausible neurons and nervous systems. For example, biological neuron models are mathematical descriptions of spiking neurons which can be used to describe both the behavior of single neurons as well as the dynamics of neural networks. Computational neuroscience is often referred to as theoretical neuroscience.
News360 uses a semantic analysis engine, developed in-house by the company, to analyze content aggregated from over 100,000 sources around the web. After performing named-entity recognition, classification, and cluster analysis, News360 uses a complex formula to rank stories, taking in the influence of the source, author, text quality and complexity, size and velocity of the story cluster and many other metrics. The system then takes the clustered and ranked set of stories and identifies a personalized selection for each user, based on their interest graph. The Interest Graph is initially constructed by collecting, with permission, user data from Facebook, Twitter or Evernote. As the user uses News360, additional data is collected from their behavior - as they read stories and give feedback, the interest graph becomes more and more accurate and attuned to their real interests, making the personalization more effective._NEWLINE_In 2016, News360 launched NativeAI, an audience analytics tool for publishers and content marketers. NativeAI tracks over a million unique audience interests based on reader behavior on publishers' websites and provides publishers with a cloud-based analytics & content monetization service. The content monetization works through sponsored content while the analytics uses machine learning to give insights on audience engagement.
In the 1960s, researchers within the field of analog filter design were using the Chebyshev approximation for filter design. During this time, it was well known that the best filters contain an equiripple characteristic in their frequency response magnitude and the elliptic filter (or Cauer filter) was optimal with regards to the Chebyshev approximation. When the digital filter revolution began in the 1960s, researchers used a bilinear transform to produce infinite impulse response (IIR) digital elliptic filters. They also recognized the potential for designing FIR filters to accomplish the same filtering task and soon the search was on for the optimal FIR filter using the Chebyshev approximation._NEWLINE_It was well known in both mathematics and engineering that the optimal response would exhibit an equiripple behavior and that the number of ripples could be counted using the Chebyshev approximation. Several attempts to produce a design program for the optimal Chebyshev FIR filter were undertaken in the period between 1962 and 1971. Despite the numerous attempts, most did not succeed, usually due to problems in the algorithmic implementation or problem formulation. Otto Herrmann, for example, proposed a method for designing equiripple filters with restricted band edges. This method obtained an equiripple frequency response with the maximum number of ripples by solving a set of nonlinear equations. Another method introduced at the time implemented an optimal Chebyshev approximation, but the algorithm was limited to the design of relatively low-order filters._NEWLINE_Similar to Herrmann's method, Ed Hofstetter presented an algorithm that designed FIR filters with as many ripples as possible. This has become known as the Maximal Ripple algorithm. The Maximal Ripple algorithm imposed an alternating error condition via interpolation and then solved a set of equations that the alternating solution had to satisfy. One notable limitation of the Maximal Ripple algorithm was that the band edges were not specified as inputs to the design procedure. Rather, the initial frequency set {ωᵢ} and the desired function D(ωᵢ) defined the pass and stop band implicitly. Unlike previous attempts to design an optimal filter, the Maximal Ripple algorithm used an exchange method that tried to find the frequency set {ωᵢ} where the best filter had its ripples. Thus, the Maximal Ripple algorithm was not an optimal filter design but it had quite a significant impact on how the Parks–McClellan algorithm would formulate.
In August 1970, James McClellan entered graduate school at Rice University with a concentration in mathematical models of analog filter design and enrolled in a new course called "Digital Filters" due to his interest in filter design. The course was taught jointly by Thomas Parks and Sid Burrus. At that time, DSP was an emerging field and as a result lectures often involved recently published research papers. The following semester, the spring of 1971, Thomas Parks offered a course called "Signal Theory," which McClellan took as well. During spring break of the semester, Parks drove from Houston to Princeton in order to attend a conference, where he heard Ed Hofstetter's presentation about a new FIR filter design algorithm (Maximal Ripple algorithm). He brought the paper by Hofstetter, Oppenheim, and Siegel, back to Houston, thinking about the possibility of using the Chebyshev approximation theory to design FIR filters. He heard that the method implemented in Hofstetter's algorithm was similar to the Remez exchange algorithm and decided to pursue the path of using the Remez exchange algorithm. The students in the "Signal Theory" course were required to do a project and since Chebyshev approximation was a major topic in the course, the implementation of this new algorithm became James McClellan's course project. This ultimately led to the Parks–McClellan algorithm, which involved the theory of optimal Chebyshev approximation and an efficient implementation. By the end of the spring semester, McClellan and Parks were attempting to write a variation of the Remez exchange algorithm for FIR filters. It took about six weeks to develop and some optimal filters had been designed successfully by the end of May.
James McClellan was born on October 5, 1947, in Guam. He received his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering (1969) from Louisiana State University. After receiving his Master of Science (1972) and Doctorate (1973) degrees from Rice University, Dr. McClellan worked at the MIT Lincoln Laboratory from 1973 to 1975. He became a professor in the MIT Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department in 1975. After working at the university for seven years, Dr. McClellan joined Schlumberger in 1982, where he worked for five years. Since 1987, Dr. McClellan has been a Professor of Electrical Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Dr. McClellan has received numerous awards for his work in digital signal processing and its application to sensor array processing: IEEE Signal Processing Technical Achievement Award (1987), IEEE Signal Processing Society Award (1996), and IEEE Jack S. Kilby Signal Processing Medal (2004). In addition to the awards he has received, Dr. McClellan has published a number of significant pieces of literature: Computer-Based Exercises for Signal Processing Using MATLAB 5 (1994), DSP First (1997), Signal Processing First (2003), and Number Theory in DSP (1979)._NEWLINE_Thomas Parks was born on March 16, 1939, in Buffalo, New York. He received his Bachelor (1961), Master of Science (1964), and Doctorate (1967) degrees in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University. After graduating with his doctorate, Dr. Parks joined the faculty at Rice University. He was a faculty member from 1967 to 1986, when he joined the faculty at Cornell University. Dr. Parks is the recipient of multiple awards based on his research focused on digital signal processing with its application to signal theory, multirate systems, interpolation, and filter design: IEEE ASSP Society Technical Achievement Award (1981), IEEE ASSP Society Award (1988), Rice University President's Award (1999), IEEE Third Millennium Medal (2000), and IEEE Jack S. Kilby Signal Processing Medal (2004). In addition to the awards he has received, Dr. Parks has published numerous contributions to the electrical engineering field: DFT/FFT Convolution Algorithms (1985), Digital Filter Design (1987), A Digital Signal Processing Laboratory Using the TMS 32010 (1988), A Digital Signal Processing Laboratory Using the TMS 320C25 (1990), Computer-Based Exercises for Signal Processing (1994), and Computer-Based Exercises for Signal Processing Using MATLAB 5 (1994).
The picture above on the right displays the various extremal frequencies for the plot shown. The extremal frequencies are the maximum and minimum points in the stop and pass bands. The stop band ripple is the lower portion of ripples on the bottom right of the plot and the pass band ripple is the upper portion of the ripples on the top left of the plot. The dashed lines going across the plot indicate the δ or maximum error. Given the positions of the extremal frequencies, there is a formula for the optimum δ or optimum error. Since we do not know the optimum δ or the exact positions of the extrema on the first attempt, we iterate. Effectively, we assume the positions of the extrema initially, and calculate δ. We then re-estimate and move the extrema and recalculate δ, or the error. We repeat this process until δ stops changing. The algorithm will cause the δ error to converge, generally within ten to twelve iterations.
In a review of their 2009 album Altogether Now (Birds Bees Flowers Trees), critic Greg Barbrick compared their music to the comedy style of Monty Python, as comedy that is uniquely British. He also compared them to The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band.
While Conrad, a well-traveled individual who had led an adventurous seafaring life, intended the country to be a fictional place, the essential character of Patusan certainly has some basis in reality and in European perceptions of the East Indies around the turn of the 20th century.  A theory exists that in Conrad's mind, Patusan was essentially Berau, the Indonesian part of Borneo, which is a place he visited.  _NEWLINE_The Oxford Reader's Companion to Conrad claims that Patusan was a genuine pirate settlement in Sarawak. Some critics, however, think that the fictional Patusan is to be found not in Borneo but in Sumatra. In Chapter 38 of Lord Jim, "Brown related to [the narrator] in detail their passage down the Straits of Macassar", then "shot the schooner across the Java Sea", and finally "after clearing the Sunda Straits" anchored off the mouth of the river running through Patusan - seemingly pointing to a location in Sumatra.
The most well-known PTS company was AllAdvantage. It launched in March 1999 and grew to 13 million members in little over a year with the multi-level marketing system of recruiting new members. The scheme capitalized on the notion that anyone could make money on the internet without much effort._NEWLINE_AllAdvantage’s success attracted many imitators. At its peak, there were several dozen pay-to-surf companies. AllAdvantage had US$175 million in venture capital; its imitators did not have this backing, and their members were never more than a small fraction of AllAdvantage's.  _NEWLINE_After 18 months, AllAdvantage ceased operations. At that point, AllAdvantage had paid out over US$160 million to its members. Many members of smaller PTS companies were never paid when the companies shut down._NEWLINE_By late 2001, with the dot-com bubble's collapse, very few PTS companies remained. This is not surprising since 100% of the revenue came from internet advertising, which was the area hardest hit._NEWLINE_As with many Internet business models, PTS companies attracted people trying to defraud the company out of money. The companies had to deal with spammers, often having to terminate member accounts. Software utilities started appearing which allowed users to simulate surfing activity. Some users even created mechanical mouse-moving devices which ran around their desks, i.e. "JiggyMouse". These programs and devices allowed users to get paid simply for leaving their computers on. This began an arms race between the PTS companies who built fraud-prevention software and fraud program developers, with each releasing increasingly sophisticated versions of their software._NEWLINE_Today, there are still few surviving PTS companies but these are often rewards-based wherein users are given reward points, which can be exchanged for gifts, when surfing the web or doing tasks such as answering marketing email and shopping at specific stores. Another version rehashed the concept as "pay-you-for-your-attention" scheme wherein an Internet user is paid in exchange for the surfing interruption or paid in exchange for information about themselves and their Internet habits. A web browser called Brave are also offering income-sharing feature with its users who opt to view its advertisements. It was designed by JavaScript creator Brendan Eich and Brian Bondy.
A statement from the Bahá'í World News Service after his passing included the following biographical statement about Peter Khan:_NEWLINE_Peter Jamel Khan was born in New South Wales on 12 November 1936 to Fazal and Hukoomat Khan from Khassi Kalan in the Punjab region of India. Four years before their son's birth, they were among the first Indian immigrants to settle on Australia's eastern coast._NEWLINE_When he was 12 years old, Dr. Khan, his parents and sister, became the first Muslims in Australia to join the Baha'i Faith. From that time onwards, he dedicated his life to promoting the Baha'i teachings, starting his life of service as an active youth member of the Yerrinbool Baha'i community._NEWLINE_At the age of 21, he was elected a member of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of Australia, on which he served until 1963._NEWLINE_Dr. Khan became an electrical engineer, receiving his BSc (1956), his BE (1959), and his doctorate (1963) – all from the University of Sydney. From 1963 to 1967, he lived in the United States as a Fulbright postdoctoral fellow at the University of Michigan, and remained there as a professor of electrical engineering until his return to Australia in 1975. He became a visiting professor at the University of New South Wales and an associate professor at the University of Queensland from 1976 until 1983. He was also a fellow of the Institution of Engineers Australia, a senior member of the Institution of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, and a member of the editorial board of its journal, Transactions on Microwave Theory._NEWLINE_A further obituary in the Sydney Morning Herald also mentions Peter Khan:_NEWLINE_Khan was the first Australian elected to the supreme governing Baha'i, the Universal House of Justice... _NEWLINE_...one of two children of Fazel and Hukoomat (Bibi) Khan, who had migrated from the Punjab region of India. Fazel and Bibi had been Muslims but joined the Baha'i faith in Australia when Peter was 11. Fazel and the children, Peter and Joy, served at various times on the National Spiritual Assembly._NEWLINE_...His research on high-frequency electronics led to a Fulbright postdoctoral fellowship and he joined the University of Michigan as associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science. He returned to Australia for sabbatical leave in 1975 and undertook research at the University of NSW. From 1976 to 1983, he held a senior academic position at the University of Queensland._NEWLINE_...Khan was a close follower of world events through the media and his contacts with national leaders. He also followed cricket and loved classical music._NEWLINE_...Memorial services have been held in Baha'i communities and in all seven Baha'i houses of worship in the world.
Peter van der Linden (born 1963) is a Dutch technologist and author. He has worked for companies such as Sun Microsystems and Apple Computer, and has written books on Java, C, Linux, and practical jokes. He is currently (2010) an Android Technology Evangelist for Motorola Mobility.
The film completed a 250-day run in theaters & became a commercial success, with the makers of the film coming together soon after to make another production, Rojavanam._NEWLINE_Kausalya won the Filmfare Best Actress Award for her performance in the film while Karthik went on to win the Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize.
Unlike the restoration of the Aaronic priesthood, Smith never provided a date for the restoration of the Melchizedek priesthood, and never clearly indicated how this authority was conferred. Smith first specifically introduced the Melchizedek or high priesthood to the church in 1831. In his 1832 history, he referred to "a confirmation and reception of the high Priesthood after the holy order of the son of the living God power and ordinence from on high to preach the Gospel in the administration and demonstration of the spirit the Kees of the Kingdom of God conferred on him [Smith] and the continuation of the blessings of God to him &c"._NEWLINE_Though specific details were lacking, by the turn of the 20th century, Latter Day Saint theologians were convinced that such a conferral had occurred prior to the organization of the Church of Christ on April 6, 1830. This was largely because the early church organization contained the office of elder, which by 1835 was considered an office of the Melchizedek priesthood. As evidence for such a pre-organization angelic conferral, writers referred to a revelation in which Smith said he heard "[t]he voice of Peter, James, and John in the wilderness between Harmony, Susquehanna county, and Colesville, Broome county, on the Susquehanna river, declaring themselves as possessing the keys of the kingdom, and of the dispensation of the fulness of times!" Thus, most Latter Day Saints believe that Smith and Cowdery were visited by the three angels and that they conferred the Melchizedek priesthood in the same way John the Baptist had conferred the Aaronic priesthood._NEWLINE_However, the official church history, supervised or written by Smith, states that "the authority of the Melchizedek priesthood was manifested and conferred for the first time upon several of the Elders" during a general conference of the church in early June 1831. When Smith's official history was first published in 1902, the compiler, B. H. Roberts, thought that this was a mistake, because it would not be consistent with the then-common Mormon belief that the priesthood had been conferred prior to the church's founding in 1830._NEWLINE_However, some recent Mormon historians accept Smith's history as correct and consistent with other historical records showing that other Mormons present at the conference dated the restoration of the Melchizedek priesthood to 1831. This conference had been a very significant event in the early church history, coming soon after the conversion of Sidney Rigdon, who believed that Mormon missionaries lacked the necessary power to adequately preach the gospel. Thus, in January 1831, Smith issued a revelation where he wrote that after Mormons relocated to Kirtland, Ohio, they would "be endowed with power from on high" and "sent forth". In a revelation  given to an individual, Smith assured the man that "at the conference meeting he [would] be ordained unto power from on high". One of Smith's associates that was present at the conference expressed the view that this ordination "consisted [of] the endowment—it being a new order—and bestowed authority", and later that year, an early convert who had left the church claimed that many of the Saints "have been ordained to the High Priesthood, or the order of Melchizedek; and profess to be endowed with the same power as the ancient apostles were". In 1835, the historical record was muddled a bit when the first edition of the Doctrine and Covenants altered pre-1831 revelations to make a distinction between the Aaronic and Melchizedek priesthoods, and to classify the offices of elder and apostle as part of the latter.
In 1994, Prodigy became the first of the early-generation dialup services to offer full access to the World Wide Web and to offer Web page hosting to its members. Since Prodigy was not a true Internet service provider, programs that needed an Internet connection, such as Internet Explorer and Quake multiplayer, could not be used with the service. Prodigy developed its own web browser, but it compared poorly to other mainstream browsers in features._NEWLINE_In 1995/1996 Prodigy hired Ed Bennett and Will Lansing. In 1995 through 1996 Prodigy unveiled several Internet-related products. It debuted its own real-time chat area within the service similar to AOL's. Access to USENET newsgroups was made available to Prodigy members via the Prodigy interface software. Also, Prodigy's first web presence, called Astranet, was released shortly thereafter. Astranet was to be a web-based news and information service and supported in part by advertising, though the site was considered experimental and never fully worked out its offering or business model. Another innovation was Skimmer—a market trial ISP service which became the base for the Prodigy Internet._NEWLINE_In 1996, with Gregory C. Carr as chair, the company retooled itself as a true Internet service provider, making its main offering Internet access branded as Prodigy Internet. This new service featured personalized web content, news alerts to pagers and Java chat. At the same time Prodigy de-emphasized its antiquated proprietary interface and its own editorial content, which were re-badged as Prodigy Classic. Prodigy Classic was discontinued in November 1999 with the official explanation that its aging software was not Y2K compliant. The service had 209,000 members when it was discontinued.
Unlike many other competing services, Prodigy started out with flat-rate pricing. When Prodigy moved to per-hour charging for its most popular services in June 1993, tens of thousands of users left the service._NEWLINE_Prodigy was also one of the first online services to offer a user-friendly GUI when competing services, such as CompuServe and GEnie, were still text-based. Prodigy used this graphical capability to deploy advertising, which it expected would result in a significant revenue stream._NEWLINE_Prodigy offered online banking, stock trading, advertising and online shopping  before the World Wide Web became widely used, but was largely unable to capitalize on these "early mover" advantages. Decades later, however, IBM continues to sell licenses for basic concepts of ecommerce._NEWLINE_Prodigy was a forerunner in caching data on and near the users' personal computers to minimize networking and server expenses while improving the experience for users._NEWLINE_Prodigy's legacy architecture was novel at the time and anticipated much of current web browser technology. It leveraged the power of the subscriber's PC to maintain session state, handle the user interface, and process applications formed from data and interpretative program objects which were largely pulled from the network when needed. At a time when in the state of the art, distributed objects were handled by RPC equivalents (remote function calls to well known servers in which final results were returned to the caller), Prodigy pioneered the concept of actually returning interpretable, "platform independent" objects to the caller for subsequent processing. This approach anticipated such things as Java applets and JavaScript. Prodigy also helped pioneer true distributed object-oriented client-server implementations as well as incidental innovations such as the equivalent of HTML Frames, pre-fetch, etc.  Prodigy patented its implementation (US 5,347,632 et al.) and these patents are highly cited among software patents.
Parts of Northern Syria are known as Western Kurdistan / West Kurdistan (Kurdish: Rojavayê Kurdistanê‎) or simply Rojava (/ˌroʊʒəˈvɑː/ ROH-zhə-VAH; Kurdish: [roʒɑˈvɑ] "the West"), one of the four parts of Greater Kurdistan. The name "Rojava" was thus associated with a Kurdish identity of the administration. As the region expanded and increasingly included areas dominated by non-Kurdish groups, most importantly Arabs, "Rojava" was used less and less by the administration in hopes of deethnicising its appearance and making it more acceptable to other ethnicities. The territory around Jazira province of northeastern Syria is considered by Syriac-Assyrians as Gozarto (Classical Syriac: ܓܙܪܬܐ‎, romanized: Gozarto), part of the historical Assyrian homeland. The area has also been nicknamed the Autonomous Regions, Federal Northern Syria, and the democratic confederalist autonomous areas of northern Syria._NEWLINE_The first name of the local government was Interim Transitional Administration, adopted in 2013. On 17 March 2016, its de facto administration self-declared the establishment of a federal system of government as the Democratic Federation of Rojava – Northern Syria (Kurdish: Federaliya Demokratîk a Rojava – Bakurê Sûriyê‎; Arabic: الفدرالية الديمقراطية لروج آفا – شمال سوريا‎, romanized: al-Fidirāliyya al-Dīmuqrāṭiyya li-Rūj ʾĀvā – Šamāl Suriyā; Classical Syriac: ܦܕܪܐܠܝܘܬ݂ܐ ܕܝܡܩܪܐܛܝܬܐ ܠܓܙܪܬܐ ܒܓܪܒܝܐ ܕܣܘܪܝܐ‎, romanized: Federaloyotho Demoqraṭoyto l'Gozarto b'Garbyo d'Suriya; sometimes abbreviated as NSR)._NEWLINE_The updated December 2016 constitution of the polity uses the name Democratic Federation of Northern Syria (DFNS) (Kurdish: Federaliya Demokratîk a Bakûrê Sûriyê‎; Arabic: الفدرالية الديمقراطية لشمال سوريا‎, romanized: al-Fidirāliyya al-Dīmuqrāṭiyya li-Šamāl Suriyā; Classical Syriac: ܦܕܪܐܠܝܘܬ݂ܐ ܕܝܡܩܪܐܛܝܬܐ ܕܓܪܒܝ ܣܘܪܝܐ‎, romanized: Federaloyotho Demoqraṭoyto d'Garbay Suriya)._NEWLINE_Since 6 September 2018, the Syrian Democratic Council has adopted a new name for the region, naming it the Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria (NES) (Kurdish: Rêveberiya Xweser a Bakur û Rojhilatê Sûriyeyê‎; Arabic: الإدارة الذاتية لشمال وشرق سوريا‎; Classical Syriac: ܡܕܰܒܪܳܢܘܬ݂ܳܐ ܝܳܬ݂ܰܝܬܳܐ ܠܓܰܪܒܝܳܐ ܘܡܰܕܢܚܳܐ ܕܣܘܪܝܰܐ‎, romanized: Mdabronuṯo Yoṯayto l-Garbyo w-Madnḥyo d-Suriya; Turkish: Kuzey ve Doğu Suriye Özerk Yönetimi) also sometimes translated into English as the "Self-Administration of North and East Syria", encompassing the Euphrates, Afrin, and Jazira regions as well as the local civil councils in the regions of Raqqa, Manbij, Tabqa, and Deir ez-Zor._NEWLINE_The region's administration is sometimes also referred to as the "Democratic Autonomous Administration" (DAA).
In 2011, a civil uprising erupted in Syria, prompting hasty government reforms. One of the issues adressed during this time was the status of Syria's stateless Kurds, as President Bashar al-Assad granted about 220,000 Kurds citizenship. In course of the next months, the crisis in Syria escalated into a civil war. The armed Syrian opposition seized control of several regions, while security forces were overstretched. In mid-2012 the government responded to this development by withdrawing its military from three mainly Kurdish areas and leaving control to local militias. This has been described as an attempt by the Assad regime to keep the Kurdish population out of the initial civil uprising and civil war._NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_Existing underground Kurdish political parties, namely the Democratic Union Party (PYD) and the Kurdish National Council (KNC), joined to form the Kurdish Supreme Committee (KSC) and the People's Protection Units (YPG) militia was established to defend Kurdish-inhabited areas in northern Syria. In July 2012, the YPG established control in the towns of Kobanî, Amuda and Afrin, and the Kurdish Supreme Committee established a joint leadership council to administer the towns. Soon YPG also gained control of the cities of Al-Malikiyah, Ras al-Ayn, al-Darbasiyah, and al-Muabbada and parts of Hasakah and Qamishli. Doing so, the YPG and its female wing, the Women's Protection Units (YPJ), mostly battled factions of the Free Syrian Army, and Islamist militias like the al-Nusra Front and Jabhat Ghuraba al-Sham. It also eclipsed rival Kurdish militias, and absorbed some government loyalist groups. According to researcher Charles R. Lister, the government's withdrawl and concurrent rise of the PYD "raised many eyebrows", as the relationship between the two entities was "highly contentious" at the time. The PYD was known to oppose certain government policies, but had also strongly criticised the Syrian opposition._NEWLINE_The Kurdish Supreme Committee was dissolved in 2013, when the PYD abandoned the coalition with the KNC and established the Movement for a Democratic Society (TEV-DEM) coalition. On 19 July 2013, the PYD announced that it had written a constitution for an "autonomous Syrian Kurdish region", and planned to hold referendum to approve the constitution in October 2013. Qamishli served as first de facto capital of the PYD-led governing body, which was official called the "Interim Transitional Administration". The announcement was widely denounced by both moderate as well as Islamist factions of the Syrian opposition. In January 2014, three areas under TEV-DEM rule declared their autonomy as cantons (now Afrin Region, Jazira Region and Euphrates Region) and an interim constitution was approved. The Syrian opposition and even the Kurdish parties belonging to the KNC condemned this move, regarding the canton system as illegal, authoritarian, and supportive of the Syrian government. The PYD countered that the constitution was open to review and amendment, and that the KNC had been consulted on its drafting beforehand. From September 2014 to spring 2015, the YPG forces in Kobanî Canton, supported by some Free Syrian Army militias and leftist international and Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) volunteers, fought and finally repelled an assault by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) during the Siege of Kobanî, and in the YPG's Tell Abyad offensive of summer of 2015, the regions of Jazira and Kobanî were connected._NEWLINE_After the YPG victory over ISIL in Kobanî in March 2015, an alliance between YPG and the United States was formed, which greatly worried Turkey, because Turkey considered the YPG as clones of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) which Turkey (and the U.S. and the E.U.) consider terrorists. In December 2015, the Syrian Democratic Council was created. On 17 March 2016, at a TEV-DEM-organized conference in Rmelan the establishment the Democratic Federation of Rojava – Northern Syria was declared in the areas they controlled in Northern Syria. The declaration was quickly denounced by both the Syrian government and the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces._NEWLINE_In March 2016, Hediya Yousef and Mansur Selum were elected co-chairpersons for the executive committee to organise a constitution for the region, to replace the 2014 constitution. Yousef said the decision to set up a federal government was in large part driven by the expansion of territories captured from Islamic State: "Now, after the liberation of many areas, it requires us to go to a wider and more comprehensive system that can embrace all the developments in the area, that will also give rights to all the groups to represent themselves and to form their own administrations." In July 2016, a draft for the new constitution was presented, based on the principles of the 2014 constitution, mentioning all ethnic groups living in Northern Syria and addressing their cultural, political and linguistic rights. The main political opposition to the constitution have been Kurdish nationalists, in particular the KNC, who have different ideological aspirations than the TEV-DEM coalition. On 28 December 2016, after a meeting of the 151-member Syrian Democratic Council in Rmelan, a new constitution was resolved; despite objections by 12 Kurdish parties, the region was renamed the Democratic Federation of Northern Syria, removing the name "Rojava"._NEWLINE_The Turkish president Erdoğan had for months warned that the YPG-presence on his borders was unacceptable for him—Erdogan considers YPG as terrorists, see above; a Western correspondent therefore concluded that "it was no surprise" that Turkey militarily attacked the region as soon as the US withdrew its forces, in October 2019 (see further: 2019 Turkish offensive into north-eastern Syria).
Incorporating the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as well as other internationally recognized human rights conventions, the 2014 Constitution of North and East Syria guarantees freedom of speech and freedom of the press. As a result, a diverse media landscape has developed in the region, in each of the Kurdish, Arabic, Syriac-Aramaic and Turkish languages of the land, as well as in English, and media outlets frequently use more than one language. Among the most prominent media in the region are Hawar News Agency and ARA News agencies and websites as well as TV outlets Rojava Kurdistan TV, Ronahî TV, and the bimonthly magazine Nudem. A landscape of local newspapers and radio stations has developed. However, media agencies often face economic pressure, as was demonstrated by the closure of news website Welati in May 2016. In addition, the autonomous regions have imposed some limits on press freedom, for example forcing the press to get work permits. These can be cancelled, thereby curtailing the ability of certain press agencies to operate. However, the extent of these restricions differed greatly from area to area. By 2016, Kobani Canton was the least restrictive, followed by Jazira Canton which closely monitored and occasionally regulated press activity. Afrin Canton was the most restrictive, and many local reporters operated anonymously._NEWLINE_Political extremism in the context of the Syrian Civil War can put media outlets under pressure; for example in April 2016 the premises of Arta FM ("the first, and only, independent radio station staffed and broadcast by Syrians inside Syria") in Amuda was threatened and burned down by unidentified assailants. During the Turkish military operation in Afrin, the KDP-affiliated Iraqi Kurdish Rudaw Media Network was also banned from reporting in the region. On 2 September 2019, the Iraqi Kurdistan-based and KDP-affiliated Kurdistan 24 network was banned and had its offices seized by Rojava authorities, over an alleged insult made by the network against Kurdistan Communities Union co-chair Bese Kozat._NEWLINE_International media and journalists operate with few restrictions in the region, one of the only regions in Syria where they can operate with some degree of freedom. This has led to several international media reports regarding the region, including major TV documentaries like BBC documentary (2014): Rojava: Syria's Secret Revolution or Sky1 documentary (2016): Rojava – The Fight Against ISIS._NEWLINE_Internet connections in the region are often slow due to inadequate infrastructure. Internet lines are operated by Syrian Telecom, which as of January 2017 is working on a major extension of the fibre optic cable network in southern Jazira Region.
After the establishment of the de facto autonomous region, the Center of Art and Democratic Culture, located in Jazira Region, has become a venue for aspiring artists who showcase their work. Among major cultural events in the region is the annual Festival of Theater in March/April as well as the Rojava Short Story Festival in June, both in the city of Qamishli, and the Afrin Short Film Festival in April.
The autonomous region is ruled by a coalition which bases its policy ambitions to a large extent on the libertarian socialist ideology of Abdullah Öcalan and have been described as pursuing a model of economy that blends co-operative and private enterprise. In 2012, the PYD launched what it called the "Social Economy Plan", later renamed the "People's Economy Plan" (PEP). Private property and entrepreneurship are protected under the principle of "ownership by use". Dr. Dara Kurdaxi, a regional official, has stated: "The method in Rojava is not so much against private property, but rather has the goal of putting private property in the service of all the peoples who live in Rojava." Communes and co-operatives have been established to provide essentials. Co-operatives account for a large proportion of agricultural production and are active in construction, factories, energy production, livestock, pistachio and roasted seeds, and public markets. Several hundred instances of collective farming have occurred across towns and villages in the region, with communes consisting of approximately 20–35 people. According to the region's "Ministry of Economics", approximately three quarters of all property has been placed under community ownership and a third of production has been transferred to direct management by workers' councils.
The region's most notable role in the international arena is comprehensive military cooperation of its militias under the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) umbrella with the United States and the international (US-led) coalition against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. In a public statement in March 2016, the day after the declaration of the regions autonomy, U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter praised the People's Protection Units (YPG) militia as having "proven to be excellent partners of ours on the ground in fighting ISIL. We are grateful for that, and we intend to continue to do that, recognizing the complexities of their regional role." Late October 2016, U.S. Army Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the commander of the international Anti-ISIL-coalition, said that the SDF would lead the impending assault on Raqqa, ISIL's stronghold and capital, and that SDF commanders would plan the operation with advice from American and coalition troops. At various times, the U.S. deployed U.S. troops embedded with the SDF to the border between the region and Turkey, in order to deter Turkish aggressions against the SDF. In February 2018, the United States Department of Defense released a budget blueprint for 2019 with respect to the region, which included $300 million for the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) and $250 million for border security. In April 2018, the President of France, Emmanuel Macron dispatched troops to Manbij and Rmelan in a bid to assist Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militias and in order to defuse tensions with Turkey._NEWLINE_In the diplomatic field, the de facto autonomous region lacks any formal recognition. While there is comprehensive activity of reception of the region's representatives and appreciation with a broad range of countries, only Russia has on occasion openly supported the region's political ambition of federalization of Syria in the international arena, while the U.S. does not. After peace talks between Syrian civil war parties in Astana in January 2017, Russia offered a draft for a future constitution of Syria, which would, among other things, change the "Syrian Arab Republic" into the "Republic of Syria", introduce decentralized authorities as well as elements of federalism like "association areas", strengthen the parliament at the cost of the presidency, and realize secularism by abolishing Islamic jurisprudence as a source of legislation. The region opened official representation offices in Moscow during 2016, Stockholm, Berlin, Paris, and The Hague. A broad range of public voices in the U.S. and Europe have called for more formal recognition of the region. Notable international cooperation has been in the field of educational and cultural institutions, like the cooperation agreement of Paris 8 University with the newly founded University of Rojava in Qamishli, or planning for a French cultural centre in Amuda._NEWLINE_Neighbouring Turkey is consistently hostile, which has been attributed to a perceived threat from the region's emergence, in that it would encourage activism for autonomy among Kurds in Turkey in the Kurdish–Turkish conflict. In this context, in particular the region's leading Democratic Union Party (PYD) and the YPG militia being members of the Kurdistan Communities Union (KCK) network of organisations, which also includes both political and military Kurdish organizations in Turkey itself, including the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). Turkey's policy towards the region is based on an economic blockade, persistent attempts of international isolation, opposition to the cooperation between the American-led anti-ISIL coalition and the Syrian Democratic Forces, and support of Islamist opposition fighters hostile to the autonomous region, with some claims even including ISIL among these. Turkey has on several occasions militarily attacked the region's territory and defence forces. This has resulted in some expressions of international solidarity with the region._NEWLINE_On 9 October 2019, Turkey launched an attack on northern Syria "to destroy the terror corridor" on the Turkish southern border, as president Erdogan put it, after US President Donald Trump abandoned his support. Western sources like The Economist fear that this new war will lead to the displacement of again hundreds of thousands of people.
Advancements made in 1.5 include volumetric light, dynamic volumetric smoke, full volumetric fire, soft water, dynamic wet surfaces (with water streaming down the sides of surfaces), depth-of-field blur, DirectX 10 support, SSAO (Screen Space Ambient Occlusion). A complete day and night system is included along with improved weather effects._NEWLINE_However, the game will maintain the same minimum system requirements as Shadow of Chernobyl, and is scalable enough to run on outdated DirectX 8 hardware. The engine's revamp has allowed for improved and increased performance on most systems. Version 1.5.03 of the game supports MSAA for DirectX 10, while version 1.5.06 added support for DirectX 10.1._NEWLINE_In August 2014 the game's X-Ray Engine 1.5.10 source code became available on GitHub under a non-open-source license.
Zuhri was born in Kawedanan Sokaraja, Banyumas, Central Java, Dutch East Indies. His father Haji Muhammad Zuhri came from religious farmers. His mother Siti Saudatun was the granddaughter of Asraruddin Kiai, an influential cleric of the time who ran a small boarding school in the area._NEWLINE_Zuhri was brought up with a boarding-school education. He entered the youth movement during the Indonesian National Revolution. At age 19 he was elected leader of the Ansor Youth Movement of Nahdlatul Ulama, South Central Java. At the same time, he was elected Consul of the Regional Madrasah Teachers Kedu in Nahdlatul Ulama. Zuhri became a Reuters news agency correspondent and worked for several newspapers and magazines.
At the age of 35, Zuhri was the Secretary General of the Executive Board of the Nahdlatul Ulama, chief editor of the Daily Community Ambassador, and a member of Parliament. President Sukarno made him a member of the Supreme Advisory Council at the age of 39, and then appointed him as Minister of Religion at the age of 43, replacing the resigning KH Wahib Wahab._NEWLINE_During his leadership as Minister of Religion, Islamic higher education in Indonesia rapidly expanded, with the State Islamic Institute (IAIN) developing in nine provinces._NEWLINE_Zuhri participated in the armed and political struggle for Indonesian independence. He help spread Islamic views, such as Ahlus-Sunnah wal Jama'ah, the ideology of nationalism within the framework of an Islamic Indonesia._NEWLINE_Zuhri was appointed Commander of the Division of Central Java Hezbollah and Regional Defense Council Member of Kedu, where he led Hezbollah paramilitary forces to come together under the leadership of Col. TKR. Sudirman, and various other people. Zuhri fought a battle at Ambarawa and received the "Honorary Signs Star Guerilla" award for his efforts from the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Indonesian Armed Forces on January 4, 1965. For his efforts, Zuhri was given land grants, which he donated to local scholars to build Islamic schools on.
The first main engineering building houses all of the departments with the exception of the Department of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering and the Department of Electrical, Computer and Software Engineering (housed in separate buildings). The building is composed of seven blocks listed as Engineering A - G. The majority of engineering specific courses are also held in the lecture halls within this building._NEWLINE_Other notable facilities in the main building include the Machine Shop, the M.A. Ward Civil Engineering Labs, the Engineering Students Society office, and the "Engg Lounge". As many of the first year engineering courses (which are identical for all departments) take place here, a principal hallway in this building is often referred to as "The First Year Hole".
The ICT building is shared by the Schulich School of Engineering with the Department of Computer Science from the Faculty of Science. The building houses the majority of the Department of Electrical, Computer, and Software Engineering in the form of several lecture halls, computer labs and electronics labs._NEWLINE_The ground level of ICT is arranged as a food court themed meeting area, frequented by many faculties. Commercial services such as Family Mart, Good Earth Cafe and Apex Credit Union occupy the bottom floor.
In Puranic literature, Sharabha is associated with god Shiva, who incarnates to subdue fierce manifestations of Vishnu. The legend of Sharabha fighting Narasimha - the man-lion form of Vishnu - brings to fore the overt rivalry between the devotees of Vishnu (Vaishnavite sect) and those of Shiva (Shaivite sect), which exposes the fierce debate aspect. According to Roy, the Narasimha-Sharabha encounter may be a Shaiva version of vedic tale of Vishnu piercing the boar. Shiva Purana describes Sharabha as thousand-armed, lion-faced and with matted hair, wings and eight feet. Sharabha Upanishad portrays Sharabha with two heads, two wings, eight legs of the lion with sharp claws and a long tail. Kalika Purana describes Sharabha as black in colour, with four feet downwards and four feet uplifted, with an enormous body. It also has a long face and nose, nails, eight legs, eight tusks, a cluster of manes, and a long tail. It jumps high repeatedly making a loud cry._NEWLINE_The iconography of Sharabeshwaramurti (Shiva as Sharabha) is specifically defined in texts such as Khamikagama and Sritattvanidhi. In Khamikagama, Sharabha is described in the form of a bird with golden color, with two uplifted wings, two red eyes, four legs in the form of a lion touching the ground, four legs with claws upwards, and with an animal tail. The top part of the body is shown as human but with the face of a lion with an ornamented crown; side tusks are also depicted giving an overall frightening sight. It also shows the Narasimha beneath Sharabha's legs as a lion-faced human with anjali (hands folded prayer gesture). (See Infobox image)_NEWLINE_In the Sritattvanidhi, the depiction prescribed for Sharabeshwaramurti is of thirty arms; arms on the right are to hold thunderbolt, mushti, abhaya, chakra (discus), sakti, staff, goad, sword, khatvanga, axe, akshamala, a bone, bow, musala, and fire; and the left hands to display noose, varada, mace, arrow, flag, and another type of sword, a snake, a lotus flower, skull-cup, pustaka, plough, and mrudanga with one hand encircling Durga in a hug. This form is extolled to usher good luck, cure all diseases and destroy all enemies._NEWLINE_The Chola dynasty in Tamil Nadu was particularly favourable to the beliefs of Shaiva sect. It is said that the sectarian aspect got highlighted during their reign. This is evident from the four Sharabha images, the earliest at the Vikramsolishwaram temple near Kumbakonam built by Vikrama Chola (1118–35). The other images are at Darasuram and Kampahareshvarar temple, Thirubuvanam built by a Chola ruler, Kulottunga Chola III where Sharabha's image is housed in a separate shrine._NEWLINE_A sculpture of Sharbeshwaramurti in the Tribhuvanam temple, a Shiva temple in Tanjore district, in Tamil Nadu is seen with three legs, with body and face of a lion and a tail. It has four human arms, the right upper hand holds axe, noose is held in the lower right hand, the deer in the upper left hand and fire in the lower left hand. Narasimha is shown with eight arms in the Airavatesvara Temple at Darasuram, a rare image of the Chola period, in black basalt, depicts Shiva as Sharabha. It is deified in an exclusive small shrine, as part man, beast and bird, destroying the man-lion incarnation of Vishnu, Narasimha. This highlights the hostility between the Shaivite and Vaishnavite sects. In the Chennakeshava temple of Belur (1113), Karnataka, Gandaberunda (2-faced bird identified with Vishnu) depiction is a carved scene of "chain of destruction". Initially, a deer is prey to a large python, followed by being lifted by an elephant and a lion attacking the elephant, and the lion shown as devoured by Sharabha. In Maharashtra the stone cut Sharabha idol is placed on the outer walls of the entrance gate of many historic forts._NEWLINE_In iconographic representations of the myth of Shiva vis-à-vis Vishnu, Sharabha form has been built around Narasimha but substantially embellished with wings to represent Kali and Durga to denote the female powers (shaktis) of Shiva; Sharabha is also shown with a bird head and a serpent in his beak head.
Besides the typing restriction, programs cannot freely use the Python standard library, although about 20 common modules, such as random, itertools and re (regular expressions), are supported as of 2011. Also, not all Python features, such as nested functions and variable numbers of arguments, are supported.  Many introspective dynamic parts of the language are unsupported.  For example, functions like getattr, and hasattr are unsupported._NEWLINE_As of May 2011, Unicode is not supported._NEWLINE_As of June 2016 for a set of 75 non-trivial test programs (at over 25,000 lines in total (sloccount)), measurements show a typical speedup of 2-20 times over Psyco, and 2-200 times over CPython. Shed Skin is still in an early stage of development, so many other programs will not compile unmodified._NEWLINE_Shed Skin can be used to generate standalone executables which need only the C++ runtime libraries.  It can also be used to generate CPython modules.  This allows compiling parts of larger programs with Shed Skin, while running the other parts using regular CPython._NEWLINE_Another use has been to wrap C++ classes using Shed Skin to allow C++ classes to be used as Python classes._NEWLINE_The license of the Shed Skin source code is under two parts.  The main compiler code is under the GNU General Public License (GPL).  The supporting code that it uses as a run time library is under a BSD or MIT license depending on the module.  This allows compiling programs which are considered under the GPL or are not considered under the GPL.
Shed Skin combines Ole Agesen's Cartesian Product Algorithm (CPA) with the data-polymorphic part of John Plevyak's Iterative Flow Analysis (IFA). Version 0.6 introduced scalability improvements which repeatedly analyze larger versions of a program (in addition to the mentioned techniques), until it is fully analyzed.  This allows Shed Skin to do type inference on larger programs than previously. It starts with an empty callgraph, essentially, and slowly adds to it, until the whole call graph has been added. A graph has been published by the author, showing analysis times for 50 example programs, at a total of around 15,000 lines.
Sijangkang or the full name Kampung Sijangkang, is a place in the Kuala Langat district in the state of Selangor, Malaysia. It is about 12 km from Klang along the Klang–Banting road to the south heading toward Banting town._NEWLINE_Sijangkang is essentially a Javanese-Malay village and it is believed to have been founded about 1900. The name Sijangkang comes from a plant that similar to a rubber tree plant. It is a forest tree whose seeds are spread by explosion. Name of the tree is Jangkang. This tree may found in some parts of Indonesia._NEWLINE_Still related to the first opinion. The Jangkang trees die in a tributary river that was later given the name of Jangkang river. In Chinese, death is referred to as 'SI'. Thus arose the name Si Jangkang which eventually turned into Sijangkang.
Southern reedbucks live in pairs or alone. Sometimes, they form herds consisting of about 20 members. They prefer to lie in grass or reed beds in the heat of the day and feed during sunrise and sunset, or sometimes even at night. Old reedbucks are permanently territorial, with territories around 35-60 hectares, and generally live with a single female, preventing contact with rival males.  Females and young males perform an 'appeasement dance' for older males. During the dance, the bucks run around speedily and take considerably long jumps, with the tail curled up and scented air being released from a pocket in the groin at every bounce, making a popping sound. Within this territory, it is active all the time in summer, but it is nocturnal in the wet season. It regularly uses paths to reach good sites to rest, graze, and drink water. Average lifetime home ranges have been estimated as 123 ha for females and 74 ha for males._NEWLINE_Their main predators include lions, leopards, cheetahs, spotted hyenas, Cape hunting dogs, pythons, and crocodiles. They can camouflage themselves in the grasslands due to their coats, which are almost the same color. If startled or attacked, they stand still, then either hide or flee with an odd rocking-horse movement, and cautiously look back to ensure the danger is gone, generally. They use vocalizations like a shrill whistle through their nostrils and a clicking noise to alert others about danger.
On Windows, pressing the Shift key 5 times in short succession will pop up a window asking if you want to enable this feature. _NEWLINE_The feature can also be turned on and off via the Accessibility icon in the Windows Control Panel. To turn the feature off once enabled, press 3 or more of the Sticky Keys (Ctrl, Alt, Shift, Windows Button) at the same time._NEWLINE_To enable under Linux, BSD, and other Unix operating systems, run X server with the «+accessx» command line option and the XKB extension enabled, then press the ⇧ Shift key five times.
Stochastic semantic analysis is an approach used in computer science as a semantic component of natural language understanding._NEWLINE_Stochastic models generally use the definition of segments of words as basic semantic units for the semantic models, and in some cases involve a two layered approach._NEWLINE_Example applications have a wide range. In machine translation, it has been applied to the translation of spontaneous conversational speech among different languages. In the area of spoken language understanding the fact that spoken sentences often do not follow the grammar of a language and involve self-corrections, repetitions, and other irregularities, the use of stochastic semantic has been suggested as a natural fit to achieve robustness to deal with noise due to the spontaneous nature of spoken language.
Early in 2005, a new JPEG compression system was released that regularly obtained compression in the order of 25% (meaning a compressed file size 75% of the original file size) without any further loss of image quality and with the ability to rebuild the original file, not just the original image. (ZIP-like programs typically achieve JPEG compression rates in the order of 1 to 3%. Programs that optimise JPEGs without regard for the original file, only the original image, obtain compression rates from 3 to 10% (depending on the efficiency of the original JPEG). Programs that use the rarely implemented arithmetic coding option available to the JPEG standard typically achieve rates around 12%.)_NEWLINE_The new technique was implemented as a StuffIt X format option in their StuffIt Deluxe product. They have also proposed a new image format known as SIF, which simply consists of a single JPEG file compressed using this new technique._NEWLINE_Pending filing of their patent, they retain knowledge of the details of this algorithm as a trade secret.
At least 67 species of reptile have been recorded in the park. Commonly found species include the central bearded dragon, shingleback, tree dtella and Bynoe's gecko. The Gould’s goanna, ringed brown snake, whip snake and mulga snake are also common, but less likely to be seen. Several cryptic species also inhabit the park, such as the Interior blind snake and woma python._NEWLINE_Several frog species can also be found in the park, including the desert tree frog, common around the residential and accommodation areas, the burrowing frog and the water-holding frog.
The Sukorambi Botanical Garden is located on Mujahir Street, in Sukorambi, Jember, East Java, Indonesia, some 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) west of Jember City. The 8 hectares (20 acres) garden is located on a slope, with the lowest point some 100 metres (330 ft) above sea level._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_The top and bottom are connected by both a staircase and footpath, the latter of which can also be used to convey visitors by motorcycle._NEWLINE_The location is surrounded by rice paddies and includes an extensive forest. Aside from natural attractions, including flora and fauna, the site includes a fishing pond, pools (for adults and children), a two-story cafe and restaurant, a reading center (holding some 500 books and journals), and a meeting hall. Recreational activities include water sports and flying fox._NEWLINE_The upper part of the garden, covering some 4.5 hectares (11 acres), includes an herb garden with over 300 species of herbs. There are also over 200 species of flowers and fruit trees. A variety of animals, including horses, rabbits and various types of birds are also present. The names of flora are written in both Latin and Indonesian, for easier identification.
The language has been written in different writing systems throughout history. During the early Hindu-Buddhist era, the Vatteluttu and Nāgarī script were used. The Sundanese later then developed their own alphabet, the Old Sundanese script (Aksara Sunda Kuno). After the arrival of Islam, the Pegon script is also used, usually for religious purposes. The Latin script then began to be used after the arrival of Europeans. In modern times, most of Sundanese literature is written in Latin. The regional government of West Java and Banten are currently promoting the use of Standard Sundanese script (Aksara Sunda Baku) in public places and road signs. The Pegon script is still used mostly by pesantrens (Islamic boarding school) in West Java and Banten or in Sundanese Islamic literature.
Sundanese has an elaborate system of register distinguishing two basic levels of formality: kasar (low, informal) and lemes (high, formal)._NEWLINE_For many words, there are distinct kasar and lemes forms, e.g. arek (kasar) vs. bade (lemes) "want", maca (kasar) vs. maos (lemes) "read". In the lemes level, some words further distinguish humble and respectful forms, the former being used to refer to oneself, and the latter for the addressee and third persons, e.g. rorompok "(my own) house" vs. bumi "(your or someone else's) house" (the kasar form is imah)._NEWLINE_Similar systems of speech levels are found in Javanese, Madurese, Balinese and Sasak.
TSS/360 was one of the first implementations of tightly-coupled symmetric multiprocessing.  A pair of Model 67 mainframes shared a common physical memory space, and ran a single copy of the kernel (and application) code.  An I/O operation launched by one processor could end and cause an interrupt in the other.  The Model 67 used a standard 360 instruction called Test and Set to implement locks on code critical sections._NEWLINE_It also implemented Virtual Memory and Virtual Machines using position-independent code._NEWLINE_TSS/360 included an early implementation of a "Table Driven Scheduler" –  a user-configured table whose columns were parameters such as current priority,  working set size, and number of timeslices used to date.  The kernel would refer to this table when calculating the new priority of a thread.  This later appeared in systems as diverse as Honeywell CP-V and IBM z/OS._NEWLINE_As was standard with operating system software at the time, TSS/360 customers (such as General Motors Research Laboratories) were given full access to the entire source of the operating system code and development tools. User-developed improvements and patches were frequently incorporated into the official source code.
During an appearance on The Directors (which is available on the 2-Disc DVD for Gilliam's film Time Bandits), Gilliam said he wanted to do the film because he was tired of doing big budget special effects films, such as his previous film The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, which went over budget and cost over $45 million, nearly twice as much as The Fisher King's budget of $24 million. This was the first film Gilliam directed in which he was not involved in writing the screenplay, as well as his first film not to feature any other members of Monty Python. It is Gilliam's second film involving the Holy Grail, the first being Monty Python and the Holy Grail._NEWLINE_According to the Directors episode, Gilliam came up with the scene where Robin Williams and Amanda Plummer meet during a huge waltz in the middle of Grand Central Terminal, because he felt the scene LaGravenese had written (which had a large group of people in a crowded subway listen to a homeless woman sing with a beautiful voice that fills the room) wasn't working. He was at first hesitant about this because his original intentions were to just shoot the script, and that the waltz would make it "a Terry Gilliam film". The scene was shot in one night with a mix of professional extras and passengers getting off the train.
When announced in a press release by Adult Swim in May 2017, The Shivering Truth is described as "a delicately crafted, darkly surreal anthology comedy, a miniature propulsive omnibus cluster bomb of painfully riotous daymares all dripping with the orange goo of dream logic. A series of loosely-linked emotional parables about stories within tales that crawled out of the deepest caverns of your unconscious mind and became lovingly animated in breath-slapping stop motion – in other words, it is the TRUTH"._NEWLINE_The characters in the show are 10-inch (250 mm) puppets with wire-based armatures, created with silicon, wool, polystyrene, and resin. Chatman stated that around six months of physical production, a month of recording, and two-and-a-half months of post-production were needed to complete six episodes. Chatman has noted several inspirations for his work on the show, including Terry Gilliam's work on Monty Python's Flying Circus, stating that "I saw it when I was very young, so it scared me. I didn't know when the animation was beginning or ending." He also explained that "A lot of my influences are non-animated, primarily in short films, novels, even radio shows. A recent one is David Eagleman's books on the brain. He's a neuroscientist and he gives you 40 different versions of the afterlife, and none of them can co-exist." Solen has spoken on her inspirations as well, saying that "I loved the movie The Wizard of Speed and Time, which is a cautionary tale about making movies. Another film that I loved as kid was Nicolas Roeg's [film] adaptation of Roald Dahl's The Witches, which featured both Anjelica Huston and Jim Henson's puppets. It scared me so much!"
Tor Mail provided web mail access with two webmail applications to choose from, one fully functional ajax-based, and one simple client which required no JavaScript or cookies. The user could also access mail via SMTP, POP3 or IMAP with an email client. The user signed up and accessed Tor Mail via the Tor hidden service and needed to have Tor software installed on a computer to access Tor hidden services. Users were not required to provide any identifying information such as their name or address._NEWLINE_Tor Mail's goal was to provide completely anonymous and private communications to anyone who needed it. The service providers said that they were anonymous and could not be forced to reveal anything about a Tor Mail user. They also said that the service did not cooperate with anyone attempting to identify or censor a Tor Mail user._NEWLINE_Tor Mail's service consisted of several servers, the hidden service, and an incoming and outgoing internet facing mail servers. The site's operators said that the only data stored on the hard drive of those servers was the Exim mail server and the Tor software. "No emails, logs or personal data were stored on those servers, thus it doesn't matter if they are seized or shut down." They claimed to be prepared to quickly replace any relay that was taken offline. The service and SMTP/IMAP/POP3 were on a hidden server completely separate from the relays. The relays did not know the IP address of the hidden service.
A message appeared on the Tor Mail main page in early August 2013, saying "Down for Maintenance Sorry, This server is currently offline for maintenance. Please try again in a few hours."  Since August 2013, the service has been unavailable. The disappearance of Tor Mail has been linked to the arrest on child pornography charges of the alleged operator of Freedom Hosting, which hosted a large number of .onion sites. In September 2013, the FBI admitted in a court filing in Dublin that it had taken down Freedom Hosting._NEWLINE_The following month, details emerged of a zero-day JavaScript attack, which was injected into the Tor Browser Bundle based on Firefox ESR 17 if JavaScript was enabled as it was by default. JavaScript was turned off by default in updated versions of Tor Browser Bundle. However, this was used during the takedown, which was exploited to send users' IP addresses and Windows computer names to a server in Virginia. In January 2014 it was confirmed that FBI has access to Tor Mail servers._NEWLINE_In January 2016, it was stated that innocent TorMail users may have also been hacked by the FBI.
Currently, there are two open source alternative implementations of Turing: Open Turing, an open source version of the original interpreter, and TPlus, a native compiler for the concurrent systems programming language variant Turing Plus. OpenT, a project to develop a compiler for Turing, is no longer in development.
Several departments have purpose-built facilities on Heslington East, including Law and the York Management School. In October 2010, several departments moved into new facilities on Heslington East including the Department of Theatre, Film and Television and the Department of Computer Science._NEWLINE_Heslington East also includes the York Sports Village and a new purpose built £1.1 million Olympic-sized outdoor velodrome, the only one in Yorkshire or the North East of England.
A computer user group (also known as a computer club) is a group of people who enjoy using microcomputers or personal computers and who meet regularly to discuss the use of computers, share knowledge and experience, hear from representatives of hardware manufacturers and software publishers, and hold other related activities. They may host special interest workgroups, often focusing on one particular aspect of computing._NEWLINE_Computer user groups meet both virtually and in hackerspaces. Computer user groups may consist of members who primarily use a specific operating system, such as Linux.  While many hackers use free and open source software, others use Macintosh, RISC OS, Windows and Amiga OS. There are also other user groups that concentrate on either Mac OS (Macintosh User Group or MUG) or Linux (Linux User Group or LUG)._NEWLINE_Many computer user groups belong to an umbrella organization, the Association of Personal Computer User Groups or APCUG.
The members are Wahjoe Sardono, Kasino Hadiwibowo, Indrodjojo Kusumonegoro, Nanu Mulyono, and Rudy Badil. They are Javanese and university graduates. Dono, Kasino and Nanu were students at University of Indonesia and Indro was a student at Pancasila University. Their student background prompted them to incorporate social criticism into their comedy. The only surviving member of the core trio is Indro, after Kasino died from a brain tumor in 1997 and Dono died from lung cancer in 2001.
Weblate aims to facilitate web based translation with tight Git integration for a wide range of file formats, helping translators contribute without knowledge of Git workflow._NEWLINE_Translations closely follow development, as they are hosted within the same repository as the source code._NEWLINE_There is no plan for heavy conflict resolution, as it is argued these should primarily handled on the Git side.
EIC voyage #1 (1805-1807): Captain William Edmeades acquired a letter of marque on 6 July 1805. He sailed from Falmouth on 10 August 1805, bound for the Cape of Good Hope, Madras, and Bengal. William Pitt was at Cork on 31 August, Madeira on 29 September, and San Salvadore on 11 November._NEWLINE_William Pitt was one of the EIC vessels that were part of the expedition under General Sir David Baird and Admiral Sir Home Riggs Popham that would in 1806 capture the Dutch Cape Colony. They would carry supplies and troops to the Cape, and then continue on their voyages. _NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_William Pitt reached the Cape on 4 January 1806. _NEWLINE_After the Dutch Governor Jansens signed a capitulation on 18 January 1806, and the British established control of the Cape Colony, HMS Belliqueux escorted the East Indiamen William Pitt, Jane, Duchess of Gordon, Sir William Pulteney, Comet to Madras. The convoy included the Northampton, Streatham, Europe, Union, Glory, and Sarah Christiana._NEWLINE_William Pitt reached Madras on 22 April and Penang on 4 June, and arrived at Diamond Harbour on 26 July. On 22 September was at Vizagapatam, on 28 September Coringa, on 4 October Madras, and on 30 December the Cape. She reached St Helena on 23 January 1807 and arrived at the Downs on 12 April._NEWLINE_EIC voyage #2 (1808-1809): Captain Charles Graham acquired a letter of marque on 20 January 1808. He sailed from Portsmouth on 15 April 1808, bound for Madras and Bengal. William Pitt reached Madras on 22 August and arrived at Diamond Harbour on 12 December. She was at Kidderpore on 1 October. Homeward bound, she was at Saugor on 23 December, Coringa on 2 January 1809, Madras on 12 January,  and Colombo on 7 February. _NEWLINE_On 15 February William Pitt sailed from Point de Galle as part of a fleet of 15 East Indiamen under escort by HMS Culloden and HMS Terpsichore._NEWLINE_On 14 March 1809, off Mauritius, a gale developed. Four of the ships, Bengal, Calcutta, Jane, Duchess of Gordon, and Lady Jane Dundas, parted company with the main convoy. They were never heard of again. _NEWLINE_William Pitt reached St Helena on 29 April and the Downs on 13 July. _NEWLINE_EIC voyage #3 (1810-1812): Captain Charles Graham sailed from Portsmouth 14 March 1810, bound for the Cape, Madras, and Bengal. William Pitt was at the Cape on 22 May, and arrived at Madras on 5 August._NEWLINE_There the British government hired her as a transport for the Île de France (Mauritius). William Pitt was at Rodrigues on 6 November, and Port Louis, Mauritius, on 7 December. The invasion took place on 3 December._NEWLINE_By 17 February William Pitt was back at Saugor and Diamond Harbour on 24 February. There the government again hired her, this time for the invasion of Java._NEWLINE_William Pitt was at Malacca on 6 May. She was in the 1st division, which left Malacca on 1 June. She was at Batavia by 8 August. She was back at Diamond Harbour on 22 October and Calcutta on 15 November. Homeward bound, she was at Saugor on 17 February 1812. She was at Madras on 2 February, reached St Helena on 11 May, and arrived at Blackwall on 11 September._NEWLINE_EIC voyage #4 (1813-1814): Captain Charles Graham sailed from Portsmouth on 2 June 1813, bound for Ceylon and Bengal. William Pitt was at Madeira on 22 June and Colombo on 13 October. She arrived at Saugor on 4 December. She left Saugor on 17 February 1814, was at Point de Galle on 1 March, and the Cape on 25 March. She reached St Helena on 19 May and arrived at The Downs on 6 August._NEWLINE_EIC voyage #5 (1815-1816): Captain Graham sailed from The Downs on 8 April 1815, bound for Madras and Bengal. She reached Madras on 20 July, and arrived at Diamond Harbour on 19 August. She was at Saugor on 10 November and homeward bound, she left Saugor on 20 January 1816. She was at Madras on 6 February, Point de Galle on 14 February, and the Cape on 18 April. She reached St Helena on 10 May, and arrived at The Downs on 2 July. _NEWLINE_EIC voyage #6 (1817-1818): Captain Graham sailed from The Downs on 14 April 1817, bound for Madras and Bengal._NEWLINE_She reached Madras on 3 August and arrived at Diamond Harbour on 1 September and the New Anchorage on 21 October. She sailed from the New Anchorage on 7 December, reached St Helena on 13 February 1818, and arrived at The Downs on 2 May._NEWLINE_EIC voyage #7 (1819-1820): Captain Graham sailed from Portsmouth on 29 January 1819, bound for St Helena, Bencoolen, and China. She was at St Helena on 6 May and reached Bencoolen on 5 August. She reached Penang on 5 October and arrived at [{Whampoa Anchorage]] on 9 February 1820. Homeward bound, she crossed the Second Bar on 26 March, reached on St Helena on 26 July, and arrived at The Downs on 26 September.
Many articles, including a series of "Reminiscentia", were supplied by Seward to the Whitehall Evening Post, and he contributed anecdotes and literary discoveries to Thomas Cadell's Repository and the European Magazine. (The latter published Seward's portrait and lengthy obituary as its lead article in October 1799.) His papers of "Drossiana" in the European Magazine from October 1789 formed the basis of his anonymous Anecdotes of some Distinguished Persons (1795–1797), 5 vols (a fifth edition in four volumes in 1804). This was followed in 1799 by two volumes of Biographiana, for which the Gentleman's Magazine praised him for "felicity...  in hitting off the leading features of his subject." Thomas James Mathias in his long poem The Pursuits of Literature speaks of Seward as a "publick bagman for scraps", but describes the volumes as entertaining and their author as the best compiler of anecdotes after Horace Walpole.
Fadillioglu studied computer science at the University of Sussex and at Control Data Institute. In 1978, she became interested in interior design, completing a course in art history and design at London's Inchbald School of Design. Attracted to the world of restaurants and clubs as a result of her husband's business, she went on to design some 20 establishments before setting up her own firm, Zeynep Fadıllıoğlu Design or ZF Design, where she has completed more than 140 projects. With a staff of 18, her company brings together architects, interior designers and artists. It is licensed in Qatar, the Netherlands, India and Turkey. Examples of her restaurants, hotels and luxury homes can be seen in New Delhi, Abu Dhabi and London. Fadillioglu's design of the Şakirin Mosque has been widely acclaimed despite the fact that it appears to be the first time a mosque has been designed by a woman. In addition to managing her design studio, Zeynep Fadıllıoğlu teaches at Istanbul Bilgi University.
The general engineering program at Centrale was multidisciplinary and typically lasted between 3 and 4 years. The curriculum was similar to those offered at other general engineering schools (écoles d'ingénieurs généralistes). All courses were taught in either French or English._NEWLINE_During the first year (Tronc Commun, or Common Core), students were required to study several subjects in science (mathematics, quantum physics, biology…), engineering (continuum mechanics, heat transfer, algorithms, programming…), as well as social sciences (economics, management, foreign languages…). In the second year, students were given the option to choose elective courses but with heavy emphasis in science nevertheless. The first two years were also used to train students in various research, startup and industry projects._NEWLINE_In the third year, students could choose to major (specialize) in a particular field depending on their academic and professional interests. Upon graduation, students received the degree of Diplôme d'Ingénieur (equivalent to Master of Science) along with the title of Ingénieur diplômé, which was more commonly called Ingénieur centralien.
There are a number of specific results and ideas in the NKS book, and they can be organized into several themes. One common theme of examples and applications is demonstrating how little complexity it takes to achieve interesting behavior, and how the proper methodology can discover this behavior._NEWLINE_First, there are several cases where the NKS book introduces what was, during the book's composition, the simplest known system in some class that has a particular characteristic. Some examples include the first primitive recursive function that results in complexity, the smallest universal Turing Machine, and the shortest axiom for propositional calculus. In a similar vein, Wolfram also demonstrates many simple programs that exhibit phenomena like phase transitions, conserved quantities, continuum behavior, and thermodynamics that are familiar from traditional science. Simple computational models of natural systems like shell growth, fluid turbulence, and phyllotaxis are a final category of applications that fall in this theme._NEWLINE_Another common theme is taking facts about the computational universe as a whole and using them to reason about fields in a holistic way. For instance, Wolfram discusses how facts about the computational universe inform evolutionary theory, SETI, free will, computational complexity theory, and philosophical fields like ontology, epistemology, and even postmodernism._NEWLINE_Wolfram suggests that the theory of computational irreducibility may provide a resolution to the existence of free will in a nominally deterministic universe.  He posits that the computational process in the brain of the being with free will is actually complex enough so that it cannot be captured in a simpler computation, due to the principle of computational irreducibility.  Thus, while the process is indeed deterministic, there is no better way to determine the being's will than, in essence, to run the experiment and let the being exercise it._NEWLINE_The book also contains a vast number of individual results—both experimental and analytic—about what a particular automaton computes, or what its characteristics are, using some methods of analysis._NEWLINE_The book contains a new technical result in describing the Turing completeness of the Rule 110 cellular automaton. Very small Turing machines can simulate Rule 110, which Wolfram demonstrates using a 2-state 5-symbol universal Turing machine. Wolfram conjectures that a particular 2-state 3-symbol Turing machine is universal. In 2007, as part of commemorating the book's fifth anniversary, Wolfram's company offered a $25,000 prize for proof that this Turing machine is universal.  Alex Smith, a computer science student from Birmingham, UK, won the prize later that year by proving Wolfram's conjecture.
Wolfram's speculations of a direction towards a fundamental theory of physics have been criticized as vague and obsolete. Scott Aaronson, Professor of Computer Science at University of Texas Austin, also claims that Wolfram's methods cannot be compatible with both special relativity and Bell's theorem violations, and hence cannot explain the observed results of Bell test experiments. However, Aaronson's arguments are either right and apply to the entire scientific field of Quantum gravity that seeks to find theories unifying relativity and quantum mechanics or they are fundamentally flawed (e.g. under a non-local hidden variable theory of superdeterminism acknowledged by Bell himself), and even explored by e.g. physics Nobel laureate Gerard 't Hooft, see also replies to criticism of digital physics._NEWLINE_Edward Fredkin and Konrad Zuse pioneered the idea of a computable universe, the former by writing a line in his book on how the world might be like a cellular automaton, and later further developed by Fredkin using a toy model called Salt. It has been claimed that NKS tries to take these ideas as its own but Wolfram's model of the universe is a rewriting network and not a cellular automaton as Wolfram himself has suggested a cellular automaton cannot account for relativistic features such as no absolute time frame. Jürgen Schmidhuber has also charged that his work on Turing machine-computable physics was stolen without attribution, namely his idea on enumerating possible Turing-computable universes._NEWLINE_In a 2002 review of NKS, the Nobel laureate and elementary particle physicist Steven Weinberg wrote, "Wolfram himself is a lapsed elementary particle physicist, and I suppose he can't resist trying to apply his experience with digital computer programs to the laws of nature. This has led him to the view (also considered in a 1981 paper by Richard Feynman) that nature is discrete rather than continuous. He suggests that space consists of a set of isolated points, like cells in a cellular automaton, and that even time flows in discrete steps. Following an idea of Edward Fredkin, he concludes that the universe itself would then be an automaton, like a giant computer. It's possible, but I can't see any motivation for these speculations, except that this is the sort of system that Wolfram and others have become used to in their work on computers. So might a carpenter, looking at the moon, suppose that it is made of wood."_NEWLINE_Nobel laureate Gerard 't Hooft has more recently also suggested a cellular automaton-based unifying theory of quantum gravity as an interpretation of superstring theory where the evolution equations are classical, "[b]oth the bosonic string theory and superstring theory can be reformulated in terms of a special basis of states, defined on a space-time lattice with lattice length "
It has been a tradition in NODET high schools for an exhibition to be organized every year where the students are able to present projects and research conducted in an academic year. This exhibition is based on their extra curricular activities and courses taken by the students including field such as: physics, computer science, mathematics, chemistry, biology, electronics, humanities, robotics and religious studies._NEWLINE_The exhibition is organized mostly by the students. Every year a president is selected from the second year students by vote. Activities such as designing the fair's poster, designing logos, inviting other schools, finding sponsors, allocating locations, decoration of the school and most of the executive procedures are carried out by the students themselves.
College credits can be earned by taking any of 17 advanced placement courses. These include English, Calculus, Statistics, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Computer Science, Music Theory and Harmony, American History, European History, Comparative Government, American Government, French, Spanish, German, 2D Studio Art, and Economics. Micro- and Macro- Economics were not offered as courses during the 2009–2010 year due to lack of student interest.
Formed as the YPG's special forces in late 2014, the unit was organized to seek and destroy Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) sleeper cells in Rojava and to conduct operations behind enemy lines. The bravest and most devoted fighters within the YPG and YPJ were chosen for the YAT, though at that point the unit still "existed in name only" and was not truly a special or elite formation. This changed under the leadership of Ali Boutan who reformed YAT and began to put its members through training courses that were intended to emulate those of US and British SOF, while providing them with the best equipment the YPG/YPJ could afford. As the cooperation between the Kurdish forces and the United States increased, YAT was further trained by US SOF and the CIA in special compounds in Rojava and Jordan, while some YAT commanders were sent to Fort Bragg and Fort Campbell for especially intense training. _NEWLINE_Since its formation, YAT has carried out raids against ISIL targets on Mount Abdulaziz, arrested ISIL sleeper cells, and stopped ISIL terrorist attacks. In September 2016, YAT captured two Sultan Murad Division fighters who had previously been filmed torturing YPG fighters in Jarabulus._NEWLINE_In November 2016, Boutan was the target of an improvised explosive device (IED) in Qamishli, which exploded as his car passed by. Even though an American SOF medic attempted to save his life, he died of his wounds shortly after. The attack was believed to have been carried out by the Turkish National Intelligence Organization. The Turkish pro-government Anadolu Agency claimed that Boutan had been responsible for sending Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) fighters into Turkey in order to conduct "terror operations"._NEWLINE_In April 2017, YAT aided US special forces in capturing parts of the Tabqa Dam from ISIL. During the battle, YAT commandos were equipped with US-supplied combat helmets, AN/PVS-7 night vision devices, flashlights, and were armed with M4 carbines equipped with AN/PEQ-2 laser sights, holographic weapon sights, and STANAG magazines._NEWLINE_On 21 June 2017, YAT captured five ISIL sleeper agents who were preparing a terrorist attack in Manbij. In January 2018, the Anti-Terror Units killed the mastermind of the July 2016 Qamishli bombings, Hisen Ayid el-Bilebil Ebu el-Walid, during operations in Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In the same month, they also captured around twenty international members of ISIL as they attempted to flee from Syria to Turkey. One of those arrested was Thomas Barnouin, a French jihadist who is considered to be one of the planners of the 2012 Toulouse attack and the November 2015 Paris attacks._NEWLINE_YAT was involved in resisting Operation Olive Branch in early 2018, with some of its members reportedly killed by the Turkish Armed Forces. YAT reportedly prevented a terrorist attack in al-Hasakah on 20 February 2018, accusing pro-Turkish forces of being behind the planned car-bombing._NEWLINE_On 1 September 2019, YAT captured Mohammed Remedan Eyd al-Talah, ISIL's chief financial officer during a raid in ash-Shahil, Deir ez-Zor Governorate.
It is based on the service-oriented architecture (SOA) model. It is a project of the Apache Software Foundation and was built on the semantics and application programming interfaces of the Java Business Integration (JBI) specification JSR 208. The software is distributed under the Apache License. ServiceMix fully supports the OSGi framework. ServiceMix is lightweight and easily embeddable, has integrated Spring Framework support and can be run at the edge of the network (inside a client or server), as a standalone ESB provider or as a service within another ESB. ServiceMix is compatible with Java SE or a Java EE application server. ServiceMix uses ActiveMQ to provide remoting, clustering, reliability and distributed failover. The basic frameworks used by ServiceMix are Spring and XBean._NEWLINE_ServiceMix is composed the latest versions of Apache ActiveMQ, Apache Camel, Apache CXF, and Apache Karaf. It was accepted as an official Apache project by the ASF Board of Directors on September 19, 2007.
He is an elected fellow of prestigious societies such as the Academy of Sciences for the Developing World, Indian National Science Academy, Indian National Academy of Engineering, Indian Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences, India. In 2002, he received Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar award in engineering sciences for his "original pioneering contribution to the understanding of the behaviour of thin films and other highly confined nanoscale systems". In the next year, he was awarded Herdillia Award by the Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers. Again, in 2007, he was awarded Distinguished Alumnus Award from the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur. And in the year of 2010, Infosys Science Foundation have awarded him with Infosys Prize in Engineering and Computer Science for his "scholarly scientific contributions in the broad areas of nanoscale surface pattern evolution, instability, and the dynamics of thin liquid and solid films and soft matter."._NEWLINE_He is also a recipient of the 2008 TWAS Prize and in 2017 of the H K Firodia award for his pioneering work on colloids, film interfaces, adhesion etc.
Sir Piers Robert Dick Lauder, 13th Baronet, born 3 October 1947 at Nicosia, Cyprus, where his father was an officer serving in the British Army. From 1974 until 2006, Lauder (who only uses the surname Lauder) was a programmer and  Computer Systems Officer in the Basser Department of Computer Science at Sydney University, New South Wales, Australia. His main interests are in the areas of networking and operating systems. With Judy Kay he co-authored the Fair Share Scheduler, now being sold by Aurema under the name "ARMTechShareExpress". With Professor Robert (Bob) Kummerfeld he co-authored the Message Handling Systems network ("MHSnet") used, among others, by the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade. Professor Kummerfeld and Piers Lauder were jointly elected to the Australian Internet Hall of Fame in 1998. Sir Piers Lauder is a founding member of AUUG, the Australian Unix and Open Systems User Group. He has twice been appointed Programme Chairman at AUUG Conferences in Sydney and has taken leave from the university to work overseas on three separate occasions, twice at the invitation of Bell Laboratories to work in the lab that originated UNIX, and once at the invitation of UUNET to work in the burgeoning ISP business. He is an enthusiastic proponent of the Python programming language. He has, by his partner Jane Elix, a natural child, Angus Thomas Lauder Elix (born 1996). They also have a foster-daughter, Akira Crease.  The heir presumptive to the baronetcy is Mark Andrew Dick Lauder (born 1951), second and youngest son of the 12th Baronet.  He was born in Berlin at the British Military Hospital. His heir apparent is his only son, Martin Dick-Lauder (born 1976).
Kerzin did his residency at Ventura County Medical Center and practiced family medicine in Ojai, California for seven years.  His mother had died when he was 27, and just after he started working in Ojai, his wife was diagnosed with ovarian cancer. She died in 1983 and they had no children._NEWLINE_He travelled in India, Sri Lanka, and Nepal for nearly a year, visiting several monasteries._NEWLINE_He then obtained an appointment as an Assistant Professor of Medicine at the University of Washington School of Medicine from late 1985 to early 1989._NEWLINE_In the mid-1980s, B. Alan Wallace and the Dharma Friendship Foundation coaxed a lama from Dharamsala, Gen Lamrimpa, to come to Seattle for two years, and Kerzin served as his driver.  In 1988 Gen Lamrimpa returned to India and Kerzin accompanied him, intending to take a six-month leave of absence from the University of Washington.  He stayed in Dharamsala when his leave ended, and began providing free medical care to the local community, HH Dalai Lama and other Tibetan lamas.  He also began studying Buddhism and meditation intensively, and 19 years after he moved there (in the early-2000s), he was ordained in Feb. 2003 as a Bikkshu (Buddhist monk) by HH Dalai Lama, and now cares for him as his doctor.  Throughout his career, Kerzin has maintained his board certification with the American Board of Family Medicine._NEWLINE_Since his ordination, Kerzin has been combining his work as a monk and doctor, harmonizing the mind and body, lecturing around the world in Japan, Hong Kong, Russia, Mongolia, Taiwan, Korea, Europe, and North America. He is teaching about the interface between modern medical science and Buddhist psychology and philosophy, with particular reference to altruism in medicine and secular ethics as well as compassion, wisdom, meditation, death and dying and emotional hygiene (managing anger, jealousy, pride, etc.); he has also participated in neuroscience research on the effect of meditation on the brain._NEWLINE_In the mid-2000s, he served as a research subject in neuroscience research into the effects of meditation on the brain led by Richard J Davidson at the University of Wisconsin, as well as at Princeton University. Kerzin has completed many meditation retreats, including a three-year retreat._NEWLINE_Kerzin founded the Human Values Institute in Japan in 2010 since teaching there regularly starting in 2007; he serves as chairman of the organization. The institute publishes books and instructional movies, gives lectures, leads workshops and meditation retreats, holds an annual symposium in Tokyo, and leads pilgrimages on the island of Shikoku; the education focuses on healthy physical and emotional living and handling death compassionately.  He taught about the Heart Sutra at the Gokokuji Temple in Tokyo shortly after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. For HVI, Kerzin also works in juvenile prisons in Japan, and is developing well-being curricula, taught to doctors at St. Luke's International Hospital in Tokyo, and other hospitals and medical schools in Japan, e.g. Kyoto University, and leads meditation retreats at Mt. Fuji._NEWLINE_For AIMI, Kerzin gave a medical grand rounds lecture on compassion at Stanford Medical Schoo, and the Stanford CCARE], and in July lectured at Surgical Grand Rounds on the science behind meditation to the Ventura County Medical Center, as well as lectured at the University of Washington. In Spring 2016, he lectured at Oxford and Cambridge Universities, and U.K. medical schools. Kerzin was the keynote speaker for the White Coast Ceremony for new first-year medical students at the University of Louisville School of Medicine in 2016 and again in 2018. In Fall 2016 he presented the plenary lecture to 800 Family Doctors at the Family Medicine Education Consortium in Pittsburgh, and in 2018 set the foundation for a Mindfulness-Compassion-Resilience training program for 18,000 nurses at UPMC. In Pittsburgh he was interviewed by many media outlets on his involvement with UPMC, the city of Pittsburgh, and his life mission of teaching mindfulness to doctors, nurses, and other professionals and leaders. One of the articles written on him is The Dalai Lama's Doctor has a Message for Pittsburgh. In 2019, Kerzin led the 2-day program Developing Altruistic Algorithms Based on Buddhist Philosophy for Artificial Intelligence, held at DeepMind (an Alphabet Group company) in London, UK._NEWLINE_He participated in a 2011 weeklong workshop organized by scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Leipzig, exploring the role that compassion training has in changing human behavior and emotions.  The workshop led to a documentary film and a multimedia book to which Kerzin contributed two chapters._NEWLINE_In 2014, Kerzin founded the Altruism in Medicine Institute in the US._NEWLINE_He had a visiting professorship at the Central University of Tibetan Studies, Varanasi, India in 2006. At the University of Hong Kong he was appointed 'Visiting Professor of Medicine' for 2014 and 2015 and was made an Honorary Professor at the university's Centre of Buddhist Studies in March 2015.  Kerzin is a fellow of the Mind & Life Institute, which was initiated in 1985 to foster a dialogue between Buddhist scholars and Western scientists.
The beenz business model was based upon arbitrage. Companies purchased beenz from the company at a locally determined exchange rate. They could then award these to consumers for actions to which the issuer attached value, such as making on-line purchases. Beenz were collected by the user clicking on a Java Applet and entering their email address linked to a beenz account. Consumers were then able to use their beenz to purchase goods from online merchants. Each merchant was free to exchange beenz at any notional value they liked, the company assuming that the market would settle the exchange value of each beenz. Merchants were then able to sell beenz back to the company itself at a pre-defined exchange rate. The company made its margin on the spread between the sell and the buy price of beenz in the market. In the later stages, a professional economist was employed to model the behaviour of prices and flows of money in this micro-economy, and keep it healthy._NEWLINE_Cohen's stated long term aim was eventually to allow consumers to purchase beenz directly from the company and for the "beenz economy" to eventually resemble that of a real economy. However, at the time, this was fraught with difficulty as some countries (such as France) expressed a view that such alternative currency schemes were undesirable and that they would seek to prevent them from operating.
Bioinformatics is a science field that is similar to but distinct from biological computation, while it is often considered synonymous to computational biology. Biological computation uses bioengineering and biology to build biological computers, whereas bioinformatics uses computation to better understand biology. Bioinformatics and computational biology involve the analysis of biological data, particularly DNA, RNA, and protein sequences. The field of bioinformatics experienced explosive growth starting in the mid-1990s, driven largely by the Human Genome Project and by rapid advances in DNA sequencing technology._NEWLINE_Analyzing biological data to produce meaningful information involves writing and running software programs that use algorithms from graph theory, artificial intelligence, soft computing, data mining, image processing, and computer simulation. The algorithms in turn depend on theoretical foundations such as discrete mathematics, control theory, system theory, information theory, and statistics.
Before sequences can be analyzed they have to be obtained. DNA sequencing is still a non-trivial problem as the raw data may be noisy or afflicted by weak signals. Algorithms have been developed for base calling for the various experimental approaches to DNA sequencing.
Most DNA sequencing techniques produce short fragments of sequence that need to be assembled to obtain complete gene or genome sequences. The so-called shotgun sequencing technique (which was used, for example, by The Institute for Genomic Research (TIGR) to sequence the first bacterial genome, Haemophilus influenzae) generates the sequences of many thousands of small DNA fragments (ranging from 35 to 900 nucleotides long, depending on the sequencing technology). The ends of these fragments overlap and, when aligned properly by a genome assembly program, can be used to reconstruct the complete genome. Shotgun sequencing yields sequence data quickly, but the task of assembling the fragments can be quite complicated for larger genomes. For a genome as large as the human genome, it may take many days of CPU time on large-memory, multiprocessor computers to assemble the fragments, and the resulting assembly usually contains numerous gaps that must be filled in later. Shotgun sequencing is the method of choice for virtually all genomes sequenced today, and genome assembly algorithms are a critical area of bioinformatics research.
The core of comparative genome analysis is the establishment of the correspondence between genes (orthology analysis) or other genomic features in different organisms. It is these intergenomic maps that make it possible to trace the evolutionary processes responsible for the divergence of two genomes. A multitude of evolutionary events acting at various organizational levels shape genome evolution. At the lowest level, point mutations affect individual nucleotides. At a higher level, large chromosomal segments undergo duplication, lateral transfer, inversion, transposition, deletion and insertion. Ultimately, whole genomes are involved in processes of hybridization, polyploidization and endosymbiosis, often leading to rapid speciation. The complexity of genome evolution poses many exciting challenges to developers of mathematical models and algorithms, who have recourse to a spectrum of algorithmic, statistical and mathematical techniques, ranging from exact, heuristics, fixed parameter and approximation algorithms for problems based on parsimony models to Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithms for Bayesian analysis of problems based on probabilistic models._NEWLINE_Many of these studies are based on the detection of sequence homology to assign sequences to protein families.
In cancer, the genomes of affected cells are rearranged in complex or even unpredictable ways. Massive sequencing efforts are used to identify previously unknown point mutations in a variety of genes in cancer. Bioinformaticians continue to produce specialized automated systems to manage the sheer volume of sequence data produced, and they create new algorithms and software to compare the sequencing results to the growing collection of human genome sequences and germline polymorphisms. New physical detection technologies are employed, such as oligonucleotide microarrays to identify chromosomal gains and losses (called comparative genomic hybridization), and single-nucleotide polymorphism arrays to detect known point mutations. These detection methods simultaneously measure several hundred thousand sites throughout the genome, and when used in high-throughput to measure thousands of samples, generate terabytes of data per experiment. Again the massive amounts and new types of data generate new opportunities for bioinformaticians. The data is often found to contain considerable variability, or noise, and thus Hidden Markov model and change-point analysis methods are being developed to infer real copy number changes._NEWLINE_Two important principles can be used in the analysis of cancer genomes bioinformatically pertaining to the identification of mutations in the exome. First, cancer is a disease of accumulated somatic mutations in genes. Second cancer contains driver mutations which need to be distinguished from passengers._NEWLINE_With the breakthroughs that this next-generation sequencing technology is providing to the field of Bioinformatics, cancer genomics could drastically change. These new methods and software allow bioinformaticians to sequence many cancer genomes quickly and affordably. This could create a more flexible process for classifying types of cancer by analysis of cancer driven mutations in the genome. Furthermore, tracking of patients while the disease progresses may be possible in the future with the sequence of cancer samples._NEWLINE_Another type of data that requires novel informatics development is the analysis of lesions found to be recurrent among many tumors.
Gene regulation is the complex orchestration of events by which a signal, potentially an extracellular signal such as a hormone, eventually leads to an increase or decrease in the activity of one or more proteins. Bioinformatics techniques have been applied to explore various steps in this process._NEWLINE_For example, gene expression can be regulated by nearby elements in the genome. Promoter analysis involves the identification and study of sequence motifs in the DNA surrounding the coding region of a gene. These motifs influence the extent to which that region is transcribed into mRNA. Enhancer elements far away from the promoter can also regulate gene expression, through three-dimensional looping interactions. These interactions can be determined by bioinformatic analysis of chromosome conformation capture experiments._NEWLINE_Expression data can be used to infer gene regulation: one might compare microarray data from a wide variety of states of an organism to form hypotheses about the genes involved in each state. In a single-cell organism, one might compare stages of the cell cycle, along with various stress conditions (heat shock, starvation, etc.). One can then apply clustering algorithms to that expression data to determine which genes are co-expressed. For example, the upstream regions (promoters) of co-expressed genes can be searched for over-represented regulatory elements. Examples of clustering algorithms applied in gene clustering are k-means clustering, self-organizing maps (SOMs), hierarchical clustering, and consensus clustering methods.
Tens of thousands of three-dimensional protein structures have been determined by X-ray crystallography and protein nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (protein NMR) and a central question in structural bioinformatics is whether it is practical to predict possible protein–protein interactions only based on these 3D shapes, without performing protein–protein interaction experiments. A variety of methods have been developed to tackle the protein–protein docking problem, though it seems that there is still much work to be done in this field._NEWLINE_Other interactions encountered in the field include Protein–ligand (including drug) and protein–peptide. Molecular dynamic simulation of movement of atoms about rotatable bonds is the fundamental principle behind computational algorithms, termed docking algorithms, for studying molecular interactions.
Many free and open-source software tools have existed and continued to grow since the 1980s. The combination of a continued need for new algorithms for the analysis of emerging types of biological readouts, the potential for innovative in silico experiments, and freely available open code bases have helped to create opportunities for all research groups to contribute to both bioinformatics and the range of open-source software available, regardless of their funding arrangements. The open source tools often act as incubators of ideas, or community-supported plug-ins in commercial applications. They may also provide de facto standards and shared object models for assisting with the challenge of bioinformation integration._NEWLINE_The range of open-source software packages includes titles such as Bioconductor, BioPerl, Biopython, BioJava, BioJS, BioRuby, Bioclipse, EMBOSS, .NET Bio, Orange with its bioinformatics add-on, Apache Taverna, UGENE and GenoCAD. To maintain this tradition and create further opportunities, the non-profit Open Bioinformatics Foundation have supported the annual Bioinformatics Open Source Conference (BOSC) since 2000._NEWLINE_An alternative method to build public bioinformatics databases is to use the MediaWiki engine with the WikiOpener extension. This system allows the database to be accessed and updated by all experts in the field.
SOAP- and REST-based interfaces have been developed for a wide variety of bioinformatics applications allowing an application running on one computer in one part of the world to use algorithms, data and computing resources on servers in other parts of the world. The main advantages derive from the fact that end users do not have to deal with software and database maintenance overheads._NEWLINE_Basic bioinformatics services are classified by the EBI into three categories: SSS (Sequence Search Services), MSA (Multiple Sequence Alignment), and BSA (Biological Sequence Analysis). The availability of these service-oriented bioinformatics resources demonstrate the applicability of web-based bioinformatics solutions, and range from a collection of standalone tools with a common data format under a single, standalone or web-based interface, to integrative, distributed and extensible bioinformatics workflow management systems.
Software platforms designed to teach bioinformatics concepts and methods include Rosalind and online courses offered through the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics Training Portal. The Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops provides videos and slides from training workshops on their website under a Creative Commons license. The 4273π project or 4273pi project also offers open source educational materials for free. The course runs on low cost Raspberry Pi computers and has been used to teach adults and school pupils. 4273π is actively developed by a consortium of academics and research staff who have run research level bioinformatics using Raspberry Pi computers and the 4273π operating system._NEWLINE_MOOC platforms also provide online certifications in bioinformatics and related disciplines, including Coursera's Bioinformatics Specialization (UC San Diego) and Genomic Data Science Specialization (Johns Hopkins) as well as EdX's Data Analysis for Life Sciences XSeries (Harvard).  University of Southern California offers a Masters In Translational Bioinformatics focusing on biomedical applications.
Speculation of the Torch began in April 2010 when RIM CEO Mike Lazaridis introduced the BlackBerry 6 operating system during his keynote address at WES 2010. A new touchscreen device was widely anticipated as the OS 6 update seemed to be touch/gesture based. Images of a BlackBerry device prototype with a touchscreen and slide-out QWERTY keyboard started emerging in late spring and early summer of 2010. The device was tentatively named the "Bold 9800" or simply the "9800 Slider". The 9800 eventually was officially named the "Torch" by RIM during its August announcement. It can be assumed that the device name was derived from Torch Mobile, the company that RIM purchased in 2009 in aid with their development of a WebKit based browser.
The term boat anchor has been extended to software code that is left in a system's codebase, typically in case it is needed later. This is an example of an anti-pattern and therefore can cause many problems for people attempting to maintain the program that contains the obsolete code. The key problem comes from the fact that programmers will have a hard time differentiating between obsolete code which doesn't do anything and working code which does. For example, a programmer may be looking into a bug with the program's input handling system, so they search through the code looking for code that links into the input handling API. Obviously if the programmer comes across obsolete input handling code they may well start editing and debugging it, wasting valuable time before they realise that the code that they're working with is never executed and therefore not part of the problem they're trying to solve. Other problems include longer compile times and the risk that programmers may accidentally link working code into the defunct code, inadvertently resurrecting it. A recommended solution for dealing with boat anchors in source code is to remove them from the code base and to place them in a separate location so that they can be referred to if necessary, but will not be compiled or be mistaken as "working" code. (For example, deleting them, knowing they are stored in the project's source control)
According to Martin Špegelj, the Defence Minister of Croatia between August 1990 and July 1991, the Croatian Army was informed by a Yugoslav Air Force Željava Air Base-based source about a top secret mission prepared for the next day, but Špegelj claims that the information was not taken seriously due to lack of details. Other sources assert that a warning was conveyed by Croatian security and intelligence system services, indicating the Soviet Union and its then-president Mikhail Gorbachev as the source of the information. At midnight during the night of the 6–7 October, the Soviet ambassador to Belgrade was reported to have received government instructions to warn the Yugoslav military against attacking Zagreb._NEWLINE_Tuđman spent the night in a Croatian Air Force and Air Defence command post—a tunnel running under the Gornji Grad—where information on the movement of Yugoslav aircraft was relayed. In the morning, Yugoslav General Andrija Rašeta informed the press that his superiors may decide to attack Zagreb as a form of pressure on Tuđman. Three air raid alarms were sounded during the morning of 7 October because the Yugoslav Air Force deployed as many as 30 to 40 combat jets in the Zagreb area, and numerous tip-offs of imminent air raids were received from Yugoslav military bases. During the morning, Yugoslav Air Force jets were observed taking off from bases near Pula and Udbina in Croatia and Banja Luka in Bosnia and Herzegovina. No flights were recorded taking off from Željava Air Base, presumably because of low cloud cover in the area. At 1:30 pm, the Croatian Army captured a Yugoslav military communications centre and radar post near Velika Buna, south of Zagreb, hindering Yugoslav Air Force control of aircraft in the area. It is believed that the event affected the timing of the raid on the Banski dvori, the official residence of the President of Croatia at the time.
The C# and Java releases now have FIPS 140-2 Level 1 certified streams as well. These differ from the regular releases in that, while the modules are designed in a similar fashion to the regular releases, the low-level APIs are quite different – largely to support the enforcement of controls that FIPS requires when an algorithm is used. In the case of the JCE level of the Java API, the provider is still largely a drop-in replacement for the regular release. The first FIPS-certified releases were made available in November 2016, with the Java version being assigned certification number 2768 and the C# version being assigned certification number 2792.
The Android operating system, as of early 2014, includes a customized version of Bouncy Castle. Due to class name conflicts, this prevents Android applications from including and using the official release of Bouncy Castle as-is. A third-party project called Spongy Castle distributes a renamed version of the library to work around this issue.
Boverianda Nanjamma and Chinnappa are the grandchildren of Nadikerianda Chinnappa, the compiler of the Pattole Palame. The translators’ introduction explains: "Since the Kodava language does not have a script, he used the Kannada script that has been in vogue since the 17th century, when the Lingayat Rajas ruled Kodagu and Kannada was their court language." Nadikerianda Chinnappa had begun translating the work into English in 1925 but he died in 1931, before he could complete it._NEWLINE_Chinnappa's daughter Gangamma married Muthanna who was an engineer and from the Boverianda clan. Chinnappa's son and daughter-in-law were both teachers. Their daughter Nanjamma was married to her cross-cousin,  the son of Gangamma (Chinnappa's daughter), who had also been named Chinnappa. Boverianda Chinnappa, an engineer with a degree from an Illinois university, and Nanjamma, a statistician who did her early schooling in Udupi and Mangalore, obtained her master's degree in statistics from Madras University in 1954 and did her post-graduate studies in the Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata. They both pursued their professions at Chennai, Kolkata and Canada. Nanjamma was a visiting fellow at Cambridge University in 1974. She has also co-authored a book on Business Survey Methods._NEWLINE_In 1993 she was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association._NEWLINE_In 2006 she was given an honorary doctorate degree (D. Litt.) of the Mangalore University by T. N. Chaturvedi, the Governor of Karnataka.
The name bullarium seems to have been invented by the canonist Laertius Cherobini who in 1586 published under the title "Bullarium, sive Collectio diversarum Constitutionum multorum Pontificum". It was a large folio volume of 1404 pages containing 922 papal constitutions from Gregory VII down to Sixtus V, the pope then reigning._NEWLINE_With regard to this and all subsequent collections, three things have carefully to be borne in mind. First, whatever may have been the intrinsic importance or binding force of any of the bulls so published, the selection itself was a matter that depended entirely upon the arbitrary choice of the various editors. As a collection the publication had no official character. The only recognized exception to this assertion is the first volume of a collection of his own bulls which was sent by Benedict XIV in 1746 to the University of Bologna to serve as a fons iuris, or source of legal principles. Secondly, it was never seriously maintained, despite some pretentious title pages, that these collections were in any sense complete, or that they even contained all the constitutions of more general interest. Thirdly, it was the intention of the editors, at least at first, rather to exclude than to include the papal pronouncements which had already been incorporated into the text of canon law. The avowed object of the early collections was to render assistance to canonists by bringing within their reach papal enactments which either had been overlooked by the compilers of the "corpus" or which had been issued subsequently to the latest decrees included in it._NEWLINE_Various collections of relatively recent papal constitutions were published in the early part of the sixteenth century. A typical specimen of such booklets is supplied by a rare little volume of sixty-two pages printed at Rome per Stephanum Guillereti in regione Parionis 1509, a copy of which is in the British Museum Library. A contribution of more substantial volume appears to have been a volume edited by Mazzutellus in 1579 which contained 723 documents. But it is to Laertius Cherubini that the credit is usually given of creating the bullarium in substance as well as in name. In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given, the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome. In these courts I have noticed (he says) that certain advocates and judges went completely astray because they had not at hand the text of those apostolic constitutions a knowledge of which is most necessary in treating and pronouncing upon causes, seeing that in such constitutions is embodied the whole of the most recent pontifical law._NEWLINE_After this explanation it is not surprising to find that out of Cherubini's 922 documents more than 800 were of recent date, that is to say they belonged to the hundred years immediately preceding the appearance of the volume. Of this collection, a second edition in three volumes, was printed at Rome in 1617, and a third edition in four volumes extending in this case from Leo I to Urban VIII, was prepared by the editor's son, Angelo Cherubini, in 1638, with a supplement added in 1659. Other editions followed, always somewhat enlarged. The fifth in six volumes was brought out by two Franciscans at Rome, 1669–72.
Charles Sidney Burrus (born October 9, 1934 in Abilene, Texas) is an American electrical engineer and the Maxfield and Oshman Professor Emeritus of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Rice University in Houston, Texas. He is widely known for his contributions to digital signal processing, especially FFT algorithms, IIR filter design, and wavelets.
The second crucial factor is the availability of computer software for calculating equilibria and various kinds of diagrams and databases with the stored assessed information.  As there are at present many different kinds of models used for different kinds of phases there are several thermodynamic databases available, either free or commercially, for different materials like steels, super-alloys, semiconductor materials, aqueous solutions, slags, etc. There are also several different kinds of software available using different kinds of algorithms for computing the equilibrium. It is an advantage if the software allows the equilibrium to be calculated using many different types of conditions for the system, not only the temperature, pressure and overall composition because in many cases the equilibrium may be determined at constant volume or at a given chemical potential of an element or a given composition of a particular phase.
Much of the cult following of camp today grew rapidly during the transition from black-and-white to color television in the early 1960s. Network programming during that time sought entertainment content that would display the new medium with the use of bright colors and high stylization. The concept of the comicbook superhero (an individual in a highly stylized, outlandish and possibly impractical costume avenging otherwise serious matters such as murder) could be interpreted as camp. However, since it was aimed initially at children, it is camp only in a secondary perspective. It was not until the 1960s television version of Batman (one of the more famous examples of camp in popular culture, 1966–1968) that the link was made explicit, with the inherent ridiculousness of the concept exposed as a vehicle for comedy. The villains of series as divergent as Batman and The Mod Squad (1968–1973) were costumed as to take advantage of new colors and changing fashion styles, in ways that took advantage of camp._NEWLINE_Ironically, even Batman fell victim to contemporaneous parodies, with the release of Captain Nice and Mr. Terrific, which layered extra camp onto the already overladen superhero concept. The stylized content of Batman may have possibly jump-started television campiness, to circumvent the strict censorship of comics at this time (after Dr. Fredric Wertham's essay Seduction of the Innocent which led to the comics' industry-sponsored Comics Code), as the Batman comic books were very dark and noirish until the 1950s and from the 1970s onwards._NEWLINE_Television series such as The Avengers (1961–1969), The Addams Family, The Munsters (both 1964–1966), Gilligan's Island (1964–1967), Lost in Space (1965–1968), The Wild Wild West (1965–1969), Get Smart (1965–1970), Are You Being Served? (1972–1985), Charlie's Angels (1976–1981), Fantasy Island (1977–1984) and CHiPs (1977–1983) are enjoyed into the 21st century for what are interpreted as their "camp" aspects. Some of these series were developed 'tongue-in-cheek' by their producers._NEWLINE_In a Monty Python sketch of their television show (Episode 22, "Camp Square-Bashing", repeated in their film And Now for Something Completely Different, 1971), the British Army's 2nd Armored Division has a Military "Swanning About" Precision Drill unit in which soldiers "camp it up" in unison._NEWLINE_TV soap operas, especially those that air in primetime, are often considered camp. The over-the-top excess of Dallas (1978–1991)  and Dynasty (1981–1989) were popular in the 1980s. The Channel 4 series Eurotrash (1993–2004) was a television programme produced using the inherent ridiculousness of its subject matter for comedic effect, often using camp dubbing in regional accents and overexaggerated stereotypical characterizations (such as an aristocratic artist based on Brian Sewell) to puncture the interviewees' pretence of seriousness. However, an obituary to Lolo Ferrari was given straight dubbing as a mark of respect at odds with its irreverence. However, the subject matter would have offended many British viewers and fallen foul of OFCOM if it was done with any seriousness. Again, this is an example of doing a programme in a camp manner to get around the likelihood of censorship. Mentos television commercials during the 1990s developed a cult following due to their camp "Eurotrash" humor. In the Season 8 episode "Homer's Phobia" (1997) of the American animated comedy series The Simpsons, gay secondary character John (played by gay director John Waters) defines to Homer Simpson the meaning of the word camp to be "tragically ludicrous", or "ludicrously tragic": Homer gives a misinterpreted example of camp as "when a clown dies"._NEWLINE_The Comedy Central television show Strangers with Candy (1999–2000), starring comedian Amy Sedaris, was a camp spoof of the ABC Afterschool Special genre. The ESPN Classic show Cheap Seats without Ron Parker (2004–2006) featured two Generation-X, real-life brothers making humorous observations while watching televised camp sporting events, which had often been featured on ABC's Wide World of Sports during the 1970s. Examples include a 1970s sport that attempted to combine ballet with skiing (ski ballet), the Harlem Globetrotters holding a televised exhibition game at the notorious Attica State Prison in upstate New York, small-time regional professional wrestling and roller derby. The television series Tim & Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! (2007–2010) is a current example of camp, using inspiration from Public-access television productions, early morning infomercials, and the use of celebrity status in telethons and other televised charity appeals.
Huttenhower gained his BS from the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology in 2000, where he majored in computer science, chemistry and mathematics. He then spent two years as a software developer for Microsoft, working on the Microsoft Natural Language Development Platform. Huttenhower gained his MS in computational linguistics from Carnegie Mellon University in 2003, where he studied with Dannie Durand and Eric Nyberg. In 2003, Huttenhower moved to Princeton University where he was awarded a PhD in 2008 for research in genomics supervised by Olga Troyanskaya. His PhD thesis was titled Analysis of large genomic data collections.
Founded in 1963, Daneshmand was published by Daneshmand R&D institute, a subsidiary of Reed Elsevier. Following the Islamic revolution in Iran in 1979 the magazine was closed. In 1984 it was restarted under the ownership of the Mostazafen Foundation of Islamic Revolution. _NEWLINE_Daneshmand is published on a monthly basis. It has its headquarters in Tehran. As well as covering current events and news from the scientific community, the magazine often features speculative articles, ranging from the technical to the philosophical. It is not a peer-reviewed scientific journal, but it is read by both scientists and non-scientists, as a way of keeping track of developments outside their own fields of study or areas of interest._NEWLINE_Since the beginning of the year 2015, this publication has been edited by Seyed Hamed Asgari, director of the Ministry of Education and Research, Mohammad Javad Torabi, who has served as editor in this publication for less than a year. Currently, Seyed Ali Ziaee is the editor in Chief of this magazine, Ali Ranjbaran is Senior Editor nd Azadeh Arshadi is the Junior Editor of this monthly magazine. There is also a Daneshmand who has set up his own website.
Deva is the Hindu term for deity; however, devata (Devanagari: देवता; Khmer: ទេវតា (tevoda); Javanese, Balinese, Sundanese, Malay: dewata; Batak languages: debata (Toba), dibata (Karo), naibata (Simalungun); Philippine languages: diwata) is a smaller, more focused deva. The term "devata" can also mean deva (pl: devatas, meaning the gods). There are male and female devatas. There are many kinds of devatas: vanadevatas (forest spirits, perhaps descendants of early nature-spirit cults), gramadevata (village gods), devatas of river crossings, caves, mountains, and so on. In Hinduism, the devatas that guard the eight, nine and ten cardinal points are called Lokapala (Guardians of the Directions) or, more specifically in ancient Java tradition, Dewata Nawa Sanga (Guardians of Nine Directions). Every human activity has its devata, its spiritual counterpart or aspect.
There are only a few examples of a sesquialbum (i.e. one and a half records). _NEWLINE_Johnny Winter released what would be the first three-sided rock album, Second Winter, on two 12-inch discs, with the flip side of the second disc being blank.  A 1976 live concert recording by Keith Jarrett and his quartet, released as Eyes of the Heart by ECM Records in 1979, Joe Jackson's 1986 release Big World, and Pavement's Wowee Zowee are other examples of this._NEWLINE_In 1975, jazz artist Rahsaan Roland Kirk released The Case of the 3 Sided Dream in Audio Color which apparently had only three sides, but on closer inspection, there were a small number of grooves pressed on side four with a few short "hidden" conversation snippets; the CD reissue includes all of them. _NEWLINE_In 1982, Todd Rundgren and his band released the self-titled album Utopia featuring one full LP of 10 songs, and a second 12-inch disc with five bonus tracks, the same lineup on each side._NEWLINE_The Monty Python album Matching Tie and Handkerchief was originally issued with two concentric grooves with different programs on the second side, but this was done for comedic rather than practical reasons._NEWLINE_The Stranglers, Elvis Costello and The Clash (amongst other 1970s/80s acts) would sometimes release early pressings of their albums with extra material on a 45 RPM single. The Sunlandic Twins by Of Montreal features a third side officially called a "bonus EP", essentially offering an alternate definition of an EP, a single 33 1/3 RPM side instead of a two-sided 45 RPM record. _NEWLINE_The 1992 Julian Cope album Jehovahkill contained three sides, or "phases", with a laser-etched fourth side which was unplayable, which also occurred with Norwegian band Motorpsycho's vinyl releases of Motorpsycho presents The International Tussler Society and Heavy Metal Fruit, and Excepter's 2014 album Familiar (the third side, with only one track, being shorter)._NEWLINE_Seattle band Alice in Chains released their first two EPs, Jar of Flies, and Sap (EP) on two vinyl discs in 1994 had three sides on vinyl, while the fourth side contained a laser etching of the Alice in Chains logo. The vinyl pressing of the My Chemical Romance album The Black Parade also has three sides worth of content, with side four being a laser etching of a portion of the limited edition album art._NEWLINE_Genesis' Three Sides Live, Kiss' Alive II and Moody Blues' Caught Live Plus 5 are examples of double albums with three sides of live recordings (i.e. one and a half albums) and one side of studio recordings.
In 1950, Sanger married sports illustrator and photographer Robert Nelson Riger (June 4, 1924 – May 19, 1995), they had four children: Christopher Robin Riger (1951), Victoria Eleanor Riger (1952), Robert Paris Riger (1960), Charlotte Irene Riger (1963). Sanger's sister, Helen Sanger, born in Java, lives in New York city; her eldest sister (Lonni) Charlotte Sanger Ward, died on 12 August 1955.  Sanger and Riger divorced in 1981, and she remarried in 1984, to Peter L. Keys; they moved first to the Cotswolds in England where Sanger produced weekly US Football games for British television, she then returned to live in Tucson, Arizona. Before she died of cancer in 1993, Sanger moved back to Martha's Vineyard, a place she first visited in the 1930s and 40s, where she was married to Riger, and summered in Edgartown and later West Tisbury._NEWLINE_Sanger and Riger are buried side by side in Village Cemetery, West Tisbury, Massachusetts on Martha's Vineyard.
The Even-Paz algorithm is an computationally-efficient algorithm for fair cake-cutting. It involves a certain heterogeneous and divisible resource, such as a birthday cake, and n partners with different preferences over different parts of the cake. It allows the n people to achieve a proportional division.
The first published algorithm for proportional division of a cake was the Last diminisher algorithm, published in 1948. Its run-time complexity was O(n^2). in 1984, Shimon Even and Azaria Paz published their improved algorithm, whose run-time complexity is only O(n log n).
Several years after the publication of the Even-Paz algorithm, it was proved that every deterministic or randomized proportional division procedure assigning each person a contiguous piece must use Ω(n log n) actions._NEWLINE_Moreover, every deterministic proportional division procedure must use Ω(n log n) actions, even if the procedure is allowed to assign to each partner a non-contiguous piece, and even if the procedure is allowed to only guarantee approximate fairness._NEWLINE_These hardness results imply that the Even-Paz algorithm is the fastest possible algorithm for achieving full proportionality with contiguous pieces, and it is the fastest possible deterministic algorithm for achieving even partial proportionality and even with disconnected pieces. The only case in which it can be improved is with randomized algorithms guaranteeing partial proportionality with disconnected pieces; see Edmonds-Pruhs algorithm.
The FSB Academy (Академия федеральной службы безопасности Российской Федерации, formerly known as The Dzerzhinsky Higher School of the KGB), is an education and research institution federally chartered to prepare Russian Intelligence personnel for the Federal Security Service in particular and for the Russian Intelligence Community in general._NEWLINE_The academy was formed by presidential decree in August 24, 1992 on the foundation of the Higher School of the KGB, and is located in Michurinsky Prospekt, Moscow, Russia. It consists of the Institute of Cryptography, Telecommunications and Computer Science (Институт криптографии, связи и информатики, ИКСИ) and the Institute for Operational Training (Институт подготовки оперативного состава, ИПОС) in various facilities. _NEWLINE_Colonel General Viktor Ostroukhov has been Head of the Academy since 2007.
FrameForge runs on both Mac OS X and Windows Operating Systems. The software comes with an library of 3D objects that allow for the construction of precise 3D spaces (sets and locations) using a drag'n drop paradigm.  These sets are viewed through virtual cameras which can exactly mimic the optical properties of real-world cameras.  _NEWLINE_The User Interface simulates a ‘Multi-Camera Control Room’, a virtual studio where the user can build and amend rooms and spaces, place cameras, props and actors without any technical knowledge of 3D programs. FrameForge comes pre-set for standard and custom film sizes plus popular prime lens collections which obtain accurate data while the user explores multiple camera angles, shots, lenses and choreography._NEWLINE_Whenever a frame is stored by the user, all the camera and object data is stored as well, giving the user the option to view, print and export not only the image that they want the camera to see, but also all the technical information required to capture that image on a real set.  _NEWLINE_The software comes with over 800 unique objects and actors that interact with each other like their real world counterparts do. Drag an actor to a chair and he sits, drag a gun or cigarette to a hand and it will be held, dresser drawers pull open and trees can lose their leaves. Further, actor features like ‘reach-for’ and ‘look-at’ simplify posing that can be modified down to a single finger's joint.
The "King of the mountain" was the monarch of Funan. There was a mountain regarded as holy. Mountain in Khmer sounds similar to Funan._NEWLINE_The Java-based Sailendras claimed that the Funan monarchs were their ancestors. Cambodia was taken control of after a sojourn in Java by Jayavarman II._NEWLINE_The "Mountain Kings" of Funan were claimed as the forebears of the Malacca Sultanate and Brunei Sultanate.
Gongju National University Education consists of 12 undergraduate programs._NEWLINE_1) Department of Ethics Education - Through lessons Ethics and theories, students develop their honest and learn to follow moral codes that will be used as an elementary teacher. Students are expected to expand their creative thinking and sense of logic._NEWLINE_2) Department of Korean Language Education - Students learn about teaching skills and learning strategies of Korean language. The program focuses not only on four basic skills (speaking, listen, reading and writing), but expands the curriculum further to linguistics and literature parts of Korean language education._NEWLINE_3) Department of Social Studies Education - Students expand their knowledge and teaching methods on geography, history and general social studies. The program offers field trips to establish better understanding of Korea._NEWLINE_4) Department of Mathematics Education - The program focuses on developing knowledge of pure mathematics (algebra, geometry, analysis, statistics, etc.) as well as mathematics education, which includes subjects such as psychology of mathematics education and history of mathematics education._NEWLINE_5) Department of Science Education - The contents are taught on a wide range of physics, chemistry, biology and earth science. The program values hands-on experience and the relation with the latest scientific theory._NEWLINE_6) Department of Practical Arts Education - The program aims to teach the understanding of work/environment and strengthening students’ life skills and ultimately, the meaning of work through art. The students of this program are exposed to learn about the relationships between family and surrounding environments_NEWLINE_7) Department of Physical Education - The program aims to helps students to become ideal teachers through having solid basic theories of physical education, nature physical science and also through practical skills._NEWLINE_8) Department of Music Education - The program focuses on two parts. First part is basic skills such as singing, Korean traditional music and composing. Second part is musical theory knowledge and teaching methods._NEWLINE_9) Department of Fine Art Education - Teaching methods and materials in elementary fine arts education are introduced. Understanding the art theory and developing art abilities will guide students to be ideal teachers._NEWLINE_10) English Language Education - The program views developing communication skills and various teaching methods as the most important aspects. It also focuses on the theoretical background to help understanding in English culture._NEWLINE_11) Department of Elementary Education - It focuses on problems that are arising in elementary education. The program helps in solving problems through theories and practices to establish close relationships with classroom._NEWLINE_12) Department of Computer Education - Through various courses such as Computer Education, Research Methods in Computer Education, Computer Programming, and Data Structure etc. students will be able to develop the understanding of computer education theories and computer skills.
Guadeloupe Bonifieur is green, long, and slightly thick bean, covered by a pellicule of whitish silvery color, which separates from the bean in the roast. It has excellent cup qualities._NEWLINE_Guadeloupe Bonifieur is a strain of the Typica de Coffea Arabica known as le Bourbon Pointu. It originated from the Java offered to Louis XIV and bred in the Jardin des Plantes. The modern day coffee plants are descended from this line, which gives them a strong patrimony specificity and value.
In former Yugoslavia, at the end of 1962 there were 30 installed electronic computers, in 1966, there were 56, and in 1968 there were 95. Having received training in the European computer centres ( Paris 1954 and 1955, Darmstadt 1959, Wien 1960, Cambridge 1961 and London 1964), engineers from the BK.Institute-Vinca and the Mihailo Pupin Institute- Belgrade, led by Prof. dr Tihomir Aleksić, started a project of designing the first "domestic" digital computer at the end of the 1950s. This was to become a line of CER (Serbian Cifarski Elektronski Računar, Cyrillic ЦЕР - Цифарски Електронски Рачунар - Digital Electronic Computer), starting with the model CER-10 in 1960, a primarily vacuum tube and electronic relays-based computer._NEWLINE_By 1964, CER-20 computer was designed and completed as "electronic bookkeeping machine", as the manufacturer recognized increasing need in accounting market. This special-purpose trend continued with the release of CER-22 in 1967, which was intended for on-line "banking" applications._NEWLINE_There were more CER models, such as CER-11, CER-12, and CER-200, but there is currently little information here available on them._NEWLINE_In the late 1970s, "Ei-Niš Računarski Centar" from Niš, Serbia, started assembling Mainframe computers H6000 under Honeywell license, mainly for banking businesses. Computer initially had a great success that later led into local limited parts production. In addition, the company produced models such as H6 and H66 and was alive as late as early 2000s under name "Bull HN". Models H6 were installed in enterprises (e.g., telecom) for business applications and ran the GCOS operating system. Also, they were used in education. E.g., one of the built Honeywell H6 was installed in local electronics engineering and trade school "Nikola Tesla" in Niš and was used for training and educational purposes until late 80s and dawn of personal computers.
After rejoining, Hoegeng was listed as a student of Akademi Kepolisian (Police Academy) in Mertoyudan, Magelang. During his vacation in the middle of 1947, Hoegeng and his wife, who was pregnant, visited his family in Pekalongan. However, on 21 July the Dutch military conducted a military operation. Hoegeng and his family then fled to south of the town. Hoegeng was told by Soekarno Djojonegoro, chief police of Pekalongan, that Soekanto had ordered all of the students of the academy to help the local police department. Hoegeng's duty at that time was collecting intelligence material. Later, he was arrested by police officers who worked for NICA. While arrested, Hoegeng was treated well, unlike the others. He eventually found out that the one who gave the order was de Bretonniere, his friend in RHS. Hoegeng was persuaded to work for NICA but refused. After three weeks, he was released. Hoegeng then decided to visit the commando Yogyakarta. He, his wife, and his parents went to Jakarta at first. In Jakarta, Hoegeng met Soemarto who was a deputy chief police at that time and was asked to be the latter's subordinate. Hoegeng accepted but wanted to visit Yogyakarta. He was helped by Soemarto and left his wife and went alone in September. In Yogyakarta, Hoegeng reported his duty to Soekanto and requested for permission as Soemarto's subordinate in Jakarta; Soekanto gave the permission. In November, Hoegeng worked as Soemarto's assistant and was given duty to observe Indonesian political prisoners and help them if possible. In Jakarta, he corresponded with Sudirman, Hamengkubuwono IX, Oerip Soemohardjo, Suryadi Suryadarma, and M. Nazir._NEWLINE_He was Chief of the DPKN police office in Surabaya, East Java in 1952. He became the chief of BARESKRIM in Medan, North Sumatra in 1956. In 1959, he followed the Mobile Brigade(BRIMOB) training school and became a directorate staff II in the national police headquarters in 1960, he became the chief of the Immigration & customs in 1960, became the Minister of Economics in 1965, and became the Ministry of Secretary in the main cabinet in 1966. After Hoegeng resigned as the police chief, he performed on TVRI playing Hawaiian guitar together with "The Hawaiian Seniors" band, and hosted The Hawaiian Seniors music show (originally Irama Lautan Teduh) from 1968 until 1979. Sometimes he performed with his wife, Merry Hoegeng and his daughter, Reny Hoegeng or Aditya Hoegeng.
On 5 August 2017, Mark Nottingham, chairman of the IETF HTTPBIS Working Group, called for the removal of status code 418 "I'm a teapot" from the Node.js platform, a code implemented in reference to the original 418 "I'm a teapot" established in Hyper Text Coffee Pot Control Protocol. On 6 August 2017, Nottingham requested that references to 418 "I'm a teapot" be removed from the programming language Go and subsequently from Python's Requests and ASP.NET's HttpAbstractions library as well._NEWLINE_In response, 15 year old developer Shane Brunswick created a website, save418.com, and established the "Save 418 Movement", asserting that references to 418 "I'm a teapot" in different projects serve as "a reminder that the underlying processes of computers are still made by humans". Brunswick's site went viral in the hours following its publishing, garnering thousands of upvotes on the social platform Reddit, and causing the mass adoption of the "#save418" Twitter hashtag he introduced on his site. Heeding the public outcry, Node.js, Go, Python's Requests, and ASP.NET's HttpAbstractions library decided against removing 418 "I'm a teapot" from their respective projects. The unanimous support from the aforementioned projects and the general public prompted Mark Nottingham to begin the process of having 418 marked as a reserved HTTP status code, ensuring that 418 will not be replaced by an official status code for the foreseeable future.
There are two distinct time-lines intertwined throughout most of the film._NEWLINE_The story begins with Eun-joo moving out of a house by the sea called "Il Mare".  As she is leaving, she leaves a Christmas card in the mailbox, asking the next resident to please forward her mail to her.  Sung-hyun, an architectural student, receives her card, but is puzzled, since he is the first resident at "Il Mare" and the card is dated 2 years in the future.  After a series of back and forth correspondences, Eun-joo and Sung-hyun realize they are living 2 years apart, Eun-joo in the year 1999 and Sung-hyun in the year 1997.  After some testing, Eun-joo and Sung-hyun discover that the mailbox at "Il Mare" is enabling their communication and they can pass objects and living creatures through.  _NEWLINE_Utilizing the mailbox, Eun-joo asks Sung-hyun to retrieve a tape player she lost two years ago, which he gets for her.  After his estranged father, a noted architect, falls ill, Sung-hyun asks Eun-joo to obtain a book about his father, which she does. However, she succumbs to a minor traffic accident and while hospitalized, the book fails to reach Sung-hyun in time before his father's death. After reading the book, he finally accepts his father's love for him and takes up his architectural work once more._NEWLINE_As both Eun-joo and Sung-hyun continue their correspondence, they decide to try a date together, with each person participating in his or her own time.  Eun-joo "takes" Sung-hyun to an amusement park, where he follows her instructions on how to have a good time at the park.  Sung-hyun "takes" her to a restaurant where she drinks a bottle of wine he left for her two years prior.  Despite having a lot of fun on these solo "dates", they decide that they should try to meet in person._NEWLINE_Eun-joo and Sung-hyun plan on meeting in person at a beach two years in Sung-hyun's future.  However, when Eun-joo goes to the beach, Sung-hyun doesn't show.  She does see a house being built on the beach for an unknown architect's lover.  When Eun-joo tells Sung-hyun that he didn't come, he is baffled about why he didn't show up; he doesn't think he would have forgotten such an important date. Although Sung-Hyun doesn’t meet Eun-joo at the agreed upon date, he still makes a trip out to the beach they agreed to meet.  He is moved by the beauty of the beach and decides to design a house for her on the very beach.  Sung-hyun may have wanted to show Eun-Joo his love for her, and even though somehow not being able to meet her on the future date, the designed house will show her that he is there at the beach._NEWLINE_At Eun-joo's workplace, she runs into her ex-fiance.  They were going to get married, but he moved abroad for work, while she stayed in Korea.  Due to the separation, they eventually broke up and he married another person; Eun-joo however still loves him.  This meeting was a shock to Eun-joo and in an act of desperation, she asks Sung-hyun to intervene and stop her fiance from leaving two years in the past.  _NEWLINE_Sung-Hyun after receiving the letter to intervene between Eun-joo and her fiancé from separating, is heart-broken.  Sung-Hyun is torn between his love for Eun-joo, and Eun-Joo’s request to help her not to lose her previous lover.  After some long hard contemplation, Sung-Hyun against his own hearts desires, agrees to help her. Helping Eun-joo’s request would be like tearing out his own heart, very similar to this quote from Javan, "When you truly know the meaning of the word love, you will also know the meaning of the word pain." Sung-hyun writes back wishing Eun-joo good luck to her and her fiancé in the future._NEWLINE_After receiving the heart-felt reply from Sung-hyun to help, Eun-joo decides to visit his architectural school. Eun-joo may have hoped to meet him in person and thank him somehow.  She finds the architectural department and is greeted by a friend of Sung-Hyun. Eun-joo asked for Sung-Hyun, but was told of a tragic accident.  Sung-Hyun was to meet a friend of his, but was involved in a fatal traffic accident 2 years ago.  Eun-joo suddenly realizes, on the day, she last met her fiancé before they separated, she also witnessed a car striking a pedestrian and killing him.  Sung-hyun was that very pedestrian and the house being built at the beach was designed by Sung-hyun for her.  She immediately rushes to the mailbox and sends a letter begging him not to go, also in hope that the message is received in time._NEWLINE_The final scene returns to the beginning of the movie, where Eun-joo is about to place her Christmas card into the mailbox at "Il Mare".  A stranger approaches her with a letter in his hand, the letter that Eun-joo sent warning Sung-hyun not to go to the meeting.  Sung-hyun did receive her warning letter and never went to intervene that day and was never hit by the car. Eun-joo and Sung-hyun finally meet.
The term "information algebra" refers to mathematical techniques of information processing. Classical information theory goes back to Claude Shannon. It is a theory of information transmission, looking at communication and storage. However, it has not been considered so far that information comes from different sources and that it is therefore usually combined. It has furthermore been neglected in classical information theory that one wants to extract those parts out of a piece of information that are relevant to specific questions._NEWLINE_A mathematical phrasing of these operations leads to an algebra of information, describing basic modes of information processing. Such an algebra involves several formalisms of computer science, which seem to be different on the surface: relational databases, multiple systems of formal logic or numerical problems of linear algebra. It allows the development of generic procedures of information processing and thus a unification of basic methods of computer science, in particular of distributed information processing._NEWLINE_Information relates to precise questions, comes from different sources, must be aggregated, and can be focused on questions of interest. Starting from these considerations, information algebras (Kohlas 2003) are two-sorted algebras , where  is a semigroup, representing combination or aggregation of information,  is a lattice of domains (related to questions) whose partial order reflects the granularity of the domain or the question, and a mixed operation representing focusing or extraction of information.
SOC staff includes analysts, security engineers, and SOC managers who should be seasoned IT and networking professionals. They are usually trained in computer engineering, cryptography, network engineering, or computer science and may have credentials such as CISSP or GIAC._NEWLINE_SOC staffing plans range from eight hours a day, five days a week (8x5) to twenty four hours a day, seven days a week (24x7). Shifts should include at least two analysts and the responsibilities should be clearly defined.
He uses realistic painting techniques to make unrealistic images. Out of this tension, he strives to depict the uncertainties of everyday life, especially as they impact on those who are powerless in the face of poverty and injustice. He has said: "To me, life always goes differently than we expect to. This is why I tend to express uncertainties. Seeing the life in my surroundings I get the impression that everybody is controlled by an invisible power..." Sagita's subjects are frequently the traditional Javanese people whose life struggles he observed in Yogyakarta. He has noted: "They struggle to survive, but they accept whatever happens to them." In preparation for a painting, he may take multiple photographs of a subject in an attempt to capture their inner reality. He almost always paints human figures repeatedly within one work, depicting them in shifting poses or different situations.
A Java applet is available and provided as a 3D orbit visualization tool. The applet was implemented using unreliable 2-body methods, and hence should not be used for determining accurate long-term trajectories (over several years or decades) or planetary encounter circumstances. For accurate ephemerides use the JPL Horizons On-Line Ephemeris System that handles the n-body problem using numerical integration. The Java applet is available by adding ";orb=1" to the end of the body's URL.
He lives with his wife in La Jolla, California. His son, Chris Marcellino, was a software developer at Apple Inc., where he worked on the original iPhone and iPad software engineering team, and is now in medical school in Cleveland, Ohio.
Johannes Emde was born in Arolsen, Germany in 1774 and died in Surabaya in 1859. In Indonesia, Emde lived in Surabaya, earning his living as a watchmaker, and married a Javanese woman from the Solo kraton. He was a Pietist, and was already living in Surabaya when he started preaching in about 1815._NEWLINE_Emde did his missionary work by asking children to spread the Gospel of Mark as translated by Bruchner to literate people at the markets. This gospel was widely discussed because of how different it was from other religious texts available at the time. Emde also taught the people of Surabaya about Christianity and how Christians had to be baptised, which had not been taught by Coenrad Laurens Coolen, a previous missionary. Among those taught by Emde was a kyai from Madura named Midah, who was eventually baptised along with his followers by A. W. Meijer._NEWLINE_Although he respected the Javanese, he tried to keep his converts away from Javanese culture and Islam - for instance, he strictly forbade circumcision. Because Emde's converts practiced Dutch culture, they  were called Kristen Landa (Dutch Christians).
Kassian Cephas was born in Yogyakarta to the Javanese couple of Kartodrono and Minah. As a youth, Cephas became a pupil of Protestant Christian missionary Christina Petronella Philips-Steven and followed her to nearby Bagelen, Purworejo. He was baptized there on 27 December 1860 at the age of fifteen and took the name of Cephas, the Aramaic equivalent of Saint Peter's name, as his baptismal name. He began using Cephas as a family name following the baptism.
His work first appeared for a wider public in 1888 in the publication In den Kedaton te Jogjåkartå by Isaäc Groneman. The book included 16 collotype prints of the art of Hindu Javanese dances. Groneman wished to generate interest in this culture in the Netherlands and requested permission from Sultan Hamengkubuwana VII for Cephas to photograph the dance scenes. The publication was originally prepared by the Royal Netherlands Institute of Southeast Asian and Caribbean Studies, but the high cost of collotype prints forced the institute to abandon it. In keeping with the technological advances of photography, Cephas bought a new camera in 1886 which enabled him to capture pictures in 1/400th of a second. This allowed the subjects to be photographed more quickly rather than having to remain still for several moments. These pictures were often presented as farewell presents to European elites when they left Yogyakarta to return to Europe and to Dutch civil servants._NEWLINE_In 1889, the Archaeological Union (Archaeologische Vereeniging) began efforts to study and preserve monuments of the Hindu Javanese civilization in Central Java. One of the locations having high priority in the union's efforts was the temple of Prambanan, part of the larger complex attributed to the legend of Loro Jonggrang. Cephas was assigned to photograph the site, while his eldest son Sem drew the buildings' profiles and ground plans. Groneman submitted the photographs and descriptions made by Cephas to the Royal Institute in 1891, but it would not be published until 1893 because of the high reproduction costs. The final publication included 62 collotypes depicting Prambanan and the surrounding temples._NEWLINE_Cephas was also credited with photographing the Borobudur temple complex after its hidden base was discovered in 1885 by the union's first chairman. The base was briefly uncovered in 1890 to be photographed and then covered again in 1891. Because Cephas only received one-third of the original subsidy from the government, he was not able to complete the 300 photographs calculated to be needed for the project. Each photographic plate would have required one-half hour to develop with the dry gelatin process for a total of 150 hours. In all, only 160 segments of the base's reliefs were photographed, and an additional four photographs were made to provide a general overview for the site. The series was published 30 years later by the Royal Institute in a collotype collection.
Following the completion of the Borobudur project, Cephas was appointed as an "extraordinary member" of the Batavian Society of Arts and Sciences for his works as a "photographer and practitioner of Indies archaeology". Several years later, he was nominated for membership in the Royal Institute in recognition of his work with the Archaeological Union. Cephas accepted the nomination in a letter dated 15 June 1896. Later that year, he photographed a visit by Thailand's King Chulalongkorn to Yogyakarta. As a token of gratitude, the king presented him with a case of three jeweled buttons._NEWLINE_Groneman and Cephas worked together for the final time in 1899 to document the four-year commemoration of Hamengkunegara III's accession to the throne as Crown Prince of the Yogyakarta Sultanate. The event's preparation took one and a half years, and a theatrical performance lasting four days was attended by 23,000 to 36,000 spectators daily. A blue velvet book covered with gold and diamonds covering the performance was presented as a gift on the occasion of the wedding of Queen Wilhelmina and Prince Henry of the Netherlands in 1901. On the occasion of Wilhelmina's 21st birthday later that year, Cephas was awarded with an honorary gold medal of the Order of Orange-Nassau for his work to portray and preserve Java's cultural heritage.
Cephas retired from photography around the age of 60. Just over a year after the 16 September 1911 death of his wife, he died at the age of 67 due to illness. The family's photography business ended several years later when Sem Cephas died on 20 March 1918 in a horseriding accident. They were all buried in Yogyakarta between the Beringharjo market and the Lodji Ketjil area. Their graves were moved to Sasanalaya Cemetery, east of Brigadier General Katamso Street, in 1964, to make way for new buildings. Although both Cephas and his son were accomplished court photographers, Cephas was the most important of the two and was the first Javanese person (and therefore first indigenous Indonesian) to become a professional photographer.
Cephas married Dina Rakijah (b. 1846), a Christian Javanese woman and daughter of Soerobangso and Rad Rakemah, at a church in Yogyakarta on 22 January 1866. The couple raised one daughter and three sons: Naomi (b. 28 June 1866), Sem (b. 15 March 1870), Fares (b. 30 January 1872), and Jozef (b. 4 July 1881). They also had a son named Jacob who was born in 1868, but died the same year. Naomi married Dutch engineer Christiaan Beem in 1882, and the couple had thirteen children, eight of whom reached adulthood. Cephas' eldest son Sem became a photographer and painter in his father's studio.
After earning her doctorate, Bouman joined Harvard University as a postdoctoral fellow on the Event Horizon Telescope Imaging team. _NEWLINE_Bouman joined Event Horizon Telescope project in 2013. She led the development of an algorithm for imaging black holes, known as Continuous High-resolution Image Reconstruction using Patch priors (CHIRP). CHIRP inspired image validation procedures used in acquiring the first image of a black hole in April 2019, and Bouman played a significant role in the project by verifying images, selecting parameters for filtering images taken by the Event Horizon Telescope, and participating in the development of a robust imaging framework that compared the results of different image reconstruction techniques. Her group is analyzing the Event Horizon Telescope's images to learn more about general relativity in a strong gravitational field._NEWLINE_Bouman received significant media attention after a photo, showing her reaction to the detection of the black hole shadow in the EHT images, went viral. Some people in the media and on the Internet misleadingly implied that Bouman was a "lone genius" behind the image. However, Bouman herself repeatedly noted that the result came from the work of a large collaboration, showing the importance of teamwork in science. Bouman also became the target of online harassment, to the extent that her colleague Andrew Chael made a statement on Twitter criticizing "awful and sexist attacks on my colleague and friend", including attempts to undermine her contributions by crediting him solely with work accomplished by the team._NEWLINE_She joined the California Institute of Technology as an assistant professor in June 2019, where she plans to work on new systems for computational imaging using computer vision and machine learning.
The Hi-Tech Crime Enquiry Cell or cyber cell as it is often called, was created to prevent and detect serious and organized cybercrimes with assistance from other government agencies, the private sector, academic institutions, and foreign counterparts. Cyber Cell generally enquire into matters such as hacking of websites, online cheating, email hacking, Nigerian scams, phishing, source code theft, identity theft, child pornography, social media abuse, mobile phone abuse, loss/theft of mobile phone and a growing list of computer, Internet and mobile phone facilitated crimes.
The Kermit protocol supports text and binary file transfers on both full-duplex and half-duplex 8-bit and 7-bit serial connections in a system- and medium-independent fashion, and is implemented on hundreds of different computer and operating system platforms. On full-duplex connections, a Sliding Window Protocol is used with selective retransmission which provides excellent performance and error recovery characteristics. On 7-bit connections, locking shifts provide efficient transfer of 8-bit data. When properly implemented, as in the Columbia University Kermit Software collection, its authors claim performance is equal to or better than other protocols such as ZMODEM, YMODEM, and XMODEM, especially on poor connections. On connections over RS-232 Statistical Multiplexers where some control characters cannot be transmitted, Kermit can be configured to work, unlike protocols like XMODEM that require the connection to be transparent (i.e. all 256 possible values of a byte to be transferable)._NEWLINE_Kermit can be used as a means to bootstrap other software, even itself. To distribute Kermit through non 8-bit clean networks Columbia developed .boo, a binary-to-text encoding system similar to BinHex. After a mainframe computer receives MS-DOS Kermit in .boo format, users can type in a "baby Kermit" in BASIC on their personal computers that downloads Kermit and convert it into binary._NEWLINE_Similarly, CP/M machines use many different floppy disk formats, which means that one machine often cannot read disks from another CP/M machine, and Kermit is used as part of a process to transfer applications and data between CP/M machines and other machines with different operating systems. The CP/M file-copy program PIP can usually access a computer's serial (RS-232) port, and if configured to use a very low baud rate (because it has no built-in error correction) can be used to transfer a small, simple version of Kermit from one machine to another over a null modem cable, or failing that, a very simple version of the Kermit protocol can be hand coded in binary in less than 2K using DDT, the CP/M Dynamic Debugging Tool. Once done, the simple version of Kermit can be used to download a fully functional version. That version can then be used to transfer any CP/M application or data._NEWLINE_Newer versions of Kermit included scripting language and automation of commands._NEWLINE_The correctness of the Kermit protocol has been verified with formal methods.
In the late 1970s, users of Columbia University's mainframe computers had only 35 kilobytes of storage per person. Kermit was developed at the university so students could move files between them and floppy disks at various microcomputers around campus, such as IBM or DEC DECSYSTEM-20 mainframes and Intertec Superbrains running CP/M. IBM mainframes used an EBCDIC character set and CP/M and DEC machines used ASCII, so conversion between the two character sets was one of the early functions built into Kermit. The first file transfer with Kermit occurred in April 1981. The protocol was originally designed in 1981 by Frank da Cruz and Bill Catchings._NEWLINE_Columbia University coordinated development of versions of Kermit for many different computers at the university and elsewhere, and distributed the software for free; Kermit for the new IBM Personal Computer became especially popular. In 1986 the university founded the Kermit Project, which took over development and started charging fees for commercial use; the project was financially self-sufficient. For non-commercial use, Columbia University stated that_NEWLINE_Kermit is for everyone to use and share. Once you get it, feel free to pass it along to your friends and colleagues. Although it is copyrighted and not in the public domain, we only ask that you not attempt to sell it for profit, and that you use it only for peaceful and humane purposes._NEWLINE_By 1988 Kermit was available on more than 300 computers and operating systems. The protocol became a de facto data communications standard for transferring files between dissimilar computer systems, and by the early 1990s it could convert multilingual character encodings. Kermit software has been used in many countries, for tasks ranging from simple student assignments to solving compatibility problems aboard the International Space Station.  It was ported to a wide variety of mainframe, minicomputer and microcomputer systems down to handhelds and electronic pocket calculators. Most versions had a user interface based on the original TOPS-20 Kermit. Later versions of some Kermit implementations also support network as well as serial connections._NEWLINE_Implementations that are presently supported include C-Kermit (for Unix and OpenVMS) and Kermit 95 (for versions of Microsoft Windows from Windows 95 onwards and OS/2), but other versions remain available as well._NEWLINE_As of 1 July 2011, Columbia University ceased to host this project and released it to open source.  In June 2011, the Kermit Project released a beta version of C-Kermit v9.0 under an Open Source Revised 3-Clause BSD License._NEWLINE_As well as the implementations developed and/or distributed by Columbia University, the Kermit protocol was implemented in a number of third-party communications software packages, among others ProComm and ProComm Plus. The term "SuperKermit" was coined by third-party vendors to refer to higher speed Kermit implementations offering features such as full duplex operation, sliding windows, and long packets; however, that term was deprecated by the original Kermit team at Columbia University, who saw these as simply features of the core Kermit protocol.
Kermit was named after Kermit the Frog from The Muppets, with permission from Henson Associates. The program's icon in the Apple Macintosh version was a depiction of Kermit the Frog. A backronym was nevertheless created, perhaps to avoid trademark issues, KL10 Error-Free Reciprocal Microprocessor Interchange over TTY lines._NEWLINE_Kermit is an open protocol—anybody can base their own program on it, but some Kermit software and source code is copyright by Columbia University. As of version 9.0 (starting with the first test release after Alpha.09), C-Kermit has an Open Source license, the Revised 3-Clause BSD License. Everybody can use it as they wish for any purpose, including redistribution and resale. It may be included with any operating system where it works or can be made to work, including both free and commercial versions of Unix and Hewlett-Packard (formerly DEC) VMS (OpenVMS). Technical support was available from Columbia University through 30 June 2011.
In 1988 Schulten moved to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC), where he founded the Theoretical and Computational Biophysics Group at the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology in 1989._NEWLINE_The early development of NAMD at UIUC built on the work of Schulten's students in Munich to build a custom parallel computer optimized for molecular dynamics simulations.  The first simulation on the T60 modeled 27,000 atoms of membrane structure, and took twenty months to run.  The simulation results agreed with experimental results, and were eventually published in the Journal of Physical Chemistry._NEWLINE_Work on the T60 and the Connection Machine convinced Schulten that more computing power and expertise were needed. Schulten partnered with computer scientists Robert Skeel, and Laxmikant V. Kale ("Sanjay" Kale) on a five-year grant from the NIH, and their students began writing molecular dynamics code in a new language, C++. Since then, Schulten's research group has become well known for the development of software for computational structural biology, including the molecular dynamics package NAMD and the visualization software VMD. The packages are freely usable for non-commercial research, and are used by approximately 300,000 researchers world-wide._NEWLINE_If we want to understand health and disease, we need to understand life at the molecular level and to know how all the molecular components work together like clockwork._NEWLINE_Over time, Schulten targeted biological structures of increasing size and complexity, with larger and larger computers. By 2007 he was exploring molecular modeling using graphical processing units (GPUs). Validation of models against experimental results is an integral part of development, for example, using molecular dynamics in combination with cryo-electron microscopy and X-ray crystallography.  to study the structures of large macromolecular complexes._NEWLINE_2006 marked the publication of Schulten's model of the LH2 structure of the photosynthetic reaction centre protein family of Rhodospirillum molischianum. Drawing upon Richard J. Cogdell's structure of nine-folded LH-2 from Rhodopseudomonas acidophila, Schulten worked with Michel to develop an eight-folded crystal structure model of LH2 in R. molischianum. In addition to its spectroscopic properties, they examined its energy transfer reactions in photosynthetic light-harvesting._NEWLINE_Also in 2006, Schulten's group modeled the satellite tobacco mosaic virus, emulating femtosecond interactions of approximately one million atoms in the virus and a surrounding drop of salt water for 50 billionths of a second. It was the first time that such a complete model had been generated, requiring the resources of the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at Urbana. The simulation provided new insights about activities of the virus. One discovery was that the virus, which looks symmetrical in still images, actually pulses in and out asymmetrically.  Another was that the virus coat, the protein capsid, is dependent upon the genetic material in the RNA core of the particle and will collapse without it. This suggests that the genetic material must already be present before the virus can build its coat when reproducing.  Such research points to possible interventions that may help to control the virus, and also offers the possibility of exploring possible interventions in silico to predict effectiveness._NEWLINE_A 2009 review describes work in modeling and verifying simulations of proteins such as titin, fibrinogen, ankyrin, and cadherin using the group's "computational microscope"._NEWLINE_In 2010, Schulten's group at Illinois and researchers at the University of Utah published research examining the development of drug resistance to Tamiflu in H1N1pdm swine influenza and H5N1 avian influenza virus. Their simulations suggested that drug resistance may arise from disruption of the binding process due to electrostatic attraction in charged neuraminidase pathways, in addition to disruption of Tamiflu's pentyl sidegroup._NEWLINE_In 2013 Schulten's group published a simulated structure of the human immunodeficiency virus capsid containing 64 million atoms, among the largest simulations reported, produced using the supercomputer Blue Waters._NEWLINE_As of 2015, the largest reported simulations involved a hundred million atoms. Schulten's team modeled the structure and function of a Purple bacteria's chromatophore, one of the simplest living examples of photosynthesis. Modeling the processes involved in  converting sunlight into chemical energy meant representing 100 million atoms, 16,000 lipids, and 101 proteins, the contents of a tiny sphere-shaped organelle occupying just one percent of the cell's total volume. The team used the Titan supercomputer at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee. At his death Schulten was already planning simulations for the exa-scale Summit computer, expected to be built by 2018.
Lalit was born on 12 September 1987 in Kalyan. His full name is Lalit Prabhakar Bhadane. He studied in Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Palghar and completed his B.Sc in Computer Science from Birla College of Arts, Science & Commerce, Kalyan. Both his parents are in the teaching field. His hometown is Samode, Sakri, Dhule. He joined theatre group "Mitee-Chaar Kalyan" in his teenage and did many experimental plays with this group. He does not believe in love and marriage. He is an atheist. His hobbies are reading, writing poems, listening to music and sketching.
Computer science is set to be introduced from September 2018 on a phased basis across secondary schools. The curriculum specification is currently being developed by the NCCA, with the first Leaving Cert exams in the new subject to take place in 2020.
In mathematical logic, a Lindström quantifier is a generalized polyadic quantifier. They are a generalization of first-order quantifiers, such as the existential quantifier, the universal quantifier, and the counting quantifiers. They were introduced by Per Lindström in 1966. They were later studied for their applications in logic in computer science and database query languages.
Cegłowski is particularly known for his conference talks on the impacts of technology, and for posting on Twitter, which he uses to joke about the failings and inflated claims of Silicon Valley companies. He has written and spoken extensively on the problems of advertising-funded services with dubious business models. He has described programatically generated advertising and data mining as a business model that encourages the growth of surveillance. In particular, Cegłowski has compared large stocks of data on Internet users to the archives of Communist secret police services in his native Eastern Europe, as a threat to user privacy that may increase as archives remain in existence. He has also argued in favour of simplified, more minimal web design, arguing that immersive web design can be bloated and unsuitable for consumers with a poor internet connection. Cory Doctorow has described him as a "characteristically provocative" writer of "barn-burning speeches about the Internet's problems"._NEWLINE_Cegłowski has spoken at conferences including dConstruct, Webstock, XOXO Festival, O'Reilly Media's Strata+Hadoop and Emerging Technology Conferences, the Canadian University Software Engineering Conference, and beyond tellerrand. He has spoken about his experience of running his own company, including listening to users from the fandom community and "failing really, really slowly", working on a project for a long time instead of looking for immediate success. Cegłowski has discussed prioritising simplicity and stability over using cutting-edge technologies for building Pinboard in order to reduce cost and allow his company to remain simple and practical for a single person to run. He also gave a talk about the negative effects of advertising being the economic foundation of the web, as a model that encourages the growth of surveillance._NEWLINE_Cegłowski writes a Pinboard blog on topics including new features, site growth, the benefits of paying for services in general, technical aspects of running Pinboard, and critical commentary about social websites like Facebook. Cegłowski has discussed prioritizing speed and stability over using cutting-edge technologies for building Pinboard._NEWLINE_His personal blog, Idlewords, includes blog posts and short essays Ceglowski has written since 2002, mostly about travel and food, including his 36-day voyage to Antarctica's Ross Ice Shelf in 2016 which he financed through Kickstarter._NEWLINE_He has written occasional features for Wired. and opinion pieces for The New York Times. His ideas have been quoted in Time, The Atlantic, The Guardian, The Economist, TechCrunch, Wired News, Bloomberg View, Mashable and Gigaom.
A macro virus can be spread through e-mail attachments, removable media, networks and the Internet, and is notoriously difficult to detect. A common way for a macro virus to infect a computer is by replacing normal macros with a virus. The macro virus replaces regular commands with the same name and runs when the command is selected. These malicious macros may start automatically when a document is opened or closed, without the user's knowledge._NEWLINE_Once a file containing a macro virus is opened, the virus can infect the system. When triggered, it will begin to embed itself in other documents and templates. It may corrupt other parts of the system, depending on what resources a macro in this application can access. When the infected documents are shared with other users and systems, the virus spreads. Macro viruses have been used as a method of installing software on a system without the user's consent, as they can be used to download and install software from the internet through the use of automated key-presses.  However, this is uncommon as it is usually not fruitful for the virus coder since the installed software is usually noticed and uninstalled by the user. _NEWLINE_Since a macro virus depends on the application rather than the operating system, it can infect a computer running any operating system to which the targeted application has been ported. In particular, since Microsoft Word is available on Macintosh computers, word macro viruses can attack some Macs in addition to Windows platforms._NEWLINE_An example of a macro virus is the Melissa virus which appeared in March 1999. When a user opens a Microsoft Word document containing the Melissa virus, their computer becomes infected. The virus then sends itself by email to the first 50 people in the person’s address book. This made the virus replicate at a fast rate._NEWLINE_Not all macro viruses are detected by antivirus software. Caution when opening email attachments and other documents decreases the chance of becoming infected.
The first working model of a laser was demonstrated by Theodore Maiman in 1960 in Malibu at the Hughes Research Laboratory (now known as HRL Laboratories LLC). In the 1990s HRL Laboratories developed the FastScat computer code, for frequency domain algorithms and implementation, recognized as perhaps the most accurate code in the world for radar cross-section calculations. TRW built a laboratory in Solstice Canyon without any structural steel to test magnetic detectors for satellites and medical devices.
Petri nets are a modeling tool playing the same role in event- driven systems as the differential/difference equations in continuous dynamic systems. As the size and complexity of automated systems increase, ad hoc methods lose their effectiveness, and a strong need arises for systematic methods of analysis and design. Professor Zhou's work is about such methods - including their modeling, analysis, and synthesis of various automated systems._NEWLINE_In 1991, Professor Zhou provided the theoretical basis for Petri net synthesis methods that model systems with shared resources. He formulated two new resource- sharing concepts: parallel mutual exclusion (PME) and sequential mutual exclusion (SME). PME models a resource shared by distinct independent processes. SME is a sequential composition of PMEs, modeling a resource shared by sequentially related processes. Professor Zhou derived the conditions under which a net containing such structures will not have a total system shut down (deadlock). His approach enabled flexible design of systems that met constraints, and optimized performance. The synthesized models could be converted to supervisory controllers for automated systems. To simplify the optimal control design for any given automated system, his work invented the elementary and dependent siphons of Petri nets - important structural objects for characterizing deadlocks. He also invented several deadlock control methods for automated systems. Their use reduced the structural complexity of supervisory controllers - - they became linear with respect to system size. For certain systems, optimal controllers were developed with polynomially complex algorithms, thereby allowing for the first time, on- line deployment of optimal control methods. Thousands of researchers and engineers use his methods in various applications for automated system design, analysis, and control. Factories which use Dr. Zhou’s methods are thereby able to both prevent deadlock and simultaneously operate at maximum productivity - a rare combination in complex automated systems._NEWLINE_Professor Zhou was among the pioneers of Petri net- based methods for semiconductor manufacturing, in particular, robotic cells called cluster tools, widely used in today’s semiconductor wafer fabrication plants. His survey- type papers popularized and greatly increased acceptance of Petri nets in system designs and applications (e.g., work published in IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics, IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing, IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering, and IEEE Robotics and Automation Magaz ine). Several of his patents have been licensed to dozens of industrial firms and put into industrial use, generating significant economic outcomes. Helping substantially improve the productivity of manufacturing semiconductor wafers and chips, this has a direct impact on lowering manufacturing costs and significantly increasing bottom line profitability in the semiconductor manufacturing industry._NEWLINE_Professor Zhou has made foundational contributions to the advancement of Petri net theory and their applications in automated systems. He has published over 400 papers in IEEE Transactions and Journals (majority being regular papers) and over 100 in other journals. He has authored/coathored 12 patents, 12 books, 29 book chapters and over 300 conference- proceeding papers. He is the world’s most cited researcher on Petri nets, and one of the overall leading researchers in automated manufacturing systems (Scopus). Web of Science ranked Professor Zhou in 2012 as the number one most highly cited scholar in engineering worldwide and has listed him as a "highly cited scholar" in engineering since then. His recognition includes four Fellow designations - by IEEE for contributions to Petri nets and their applications; by AAAS for distinguished contributions to Petri nets, discrete event systems, and their applications to manufacturing, transportation, workflow, disassembly, web services, and software design; by the International Federation of Automatic Control (IFAC) for seminal contributions to the theory of Petri nets and their application in manufacturing, transportation, and web services; and by Chinese Association of Automation for contributions to the field of automation. Dr. Zhou’s work has revolutionized the semiconductor field.
Adele Mildred Koss, known as Milly Koss, (born 11 July 1928, died 11 September 2012) was an American computing pioneer. The Association for Women in Computing awarded her an Ada Lovelace Award in 2000._NEWLINE_She attended Philadelphia High School for Girls and graduated in Mathematics from University of Pennsylvania in 1950. During her first job interview with an insurance company, Koss, who was engaged at the time, was rejected for the reason that married women will have children and leave._NEWLINE_She worked at  Eckert–Mauchly Computer Corporation (EMCC) under Grace Hopper, programming the UNIVAC I. Her first big project was the development of what has become known as the 'Editing Generator', a sophisticated program to automatically format data for printing. Being able to create margins, headings and page numbers on the fly, Koss was the first programmer to attempt computer based word processing. During her time at EMCC she also wrote some of the first sorting programs and with Hopper wrote the first compiler. After working for several other companies (including Burroughs, Remington Rand, Philco and CDC) Koss moved to Harvard University where she stayed for 27 years until she retired in 1994, having been Associate Director of the Office for Information Technology and the University's Information Security Officer. Her colleague Jean Bartik recalled that Koss had become pregnant and was expected to leave her post, but she approached Hopper with the idea of what is now known as telecommuting, and Hopper encouraged her to stay on and to work from home as necessary. She negotiated similar arrangements in several subsequent posts._NEWLINE_In 1997 she was given a Pioneer Award, one of seven women to be so honoured, at the Grace Hopper Celebration for Women in Computing._NEWLINE_Koss died on 11 September 2012, survived by three children and three grandchildren. Her husband Norman A. Koss had pre-deceased her: they had been married 60 years.
Prior to the release of Missile Command 3D, a virtual reality arcade game titled Missile Command VR was also developed and released by Virtuality under the license of Atari Games in 1994 and used the 2000SU hardware model._NEWLINE_After Atari Corporation discontinued the Jaguar and merged with JT Storage in 1996, all prototypes of the Jaguar VR headset were allegedly destroyed, however two working prototype units, one in low-resolution with red and grey-colored pieces and another in high-resolution with blue and grey-colored pieces, have since been recovered by private video game collectors and they are regularly showcased alongside Missile Command 3D and a earlier build of the game titled Missile Command VR at multiple Jaguar-dedicated festivals such as JagFest 2K1 and other retro gaming-themed conventions and festivals._NEWLINE_Besides Zone Hunter, other games were planned to be developed and released for the Jaguar by Virtuality such as the 1991 arcade mech game Exorex, a virtual reality version of Space Invaders, a racing game titled Classic Traxx, conversions of Buggy Ball and Dactyl Nightmare, among others._NEWLINE_In a 2016 forum post at AtariAge by video game collector Clint Thompson according with Martin Brownlow, former Virtuality CEO Jonathan D. Waldern and other former employees of the company, it was stated that the source code of Missile Command 3D has become lost with time, due to the developer splitting into multiple companies between 1999 and 2001. On September 14 2017, a third Jaguar VR prototype unit was found.
He published a large number of his compositions in the book Vasudeva Kirtana Manjari. His compositions in Telugu have such sweetness and lilt, and beautifully blend with the tune of the raga as do the Sanskrit compositions, which are mellifluous. His songs reflect his mastery of Sanskrit and show his erudition and scholarship in Sanskrit literature. He considered his insight into Telugu as a gift from Thyagaraja (Thyagaraja's bhiksha). Unlike the Dasa kuta songs, his compositions don't have any Dvaita undertones but many have the words "Paramapurusha Vasudeva" or "Vasudeva" which means the supreme Vasudeva/Lord Vishnu which incidentally is also his mudra or signature._NEWLINE_True to his Vaishnava heritage and the Thyagaraja shishya parampara to which he belonged, most of his compositions are in praise of Lord Rama. In addition to Kritis and Keertanas, he also composed Varnams, Thillanas, Javalis and slokas. His admiration for the trinity of Carnatic music specially Thyagaraja resulted in Srimadadi Thyagaraja Guruvaram in Kalyani, Shri Ramachandra (a ragamalika) and two other ragamalikas in praise of Muthuswami Dikshitar and Shyama Sastri. Vasudevachar's compositions are thus like sugar candy which gives one instant pleasure and yet lingers on in the mind and heart long after.
Nangarhar consists of faculties that include engineering, political science, economics, Public Administration and Policy, teachers' training, veterinary, and computer science. Nangarhar Medical Faculty (NMF) is the second largest medical school in Afghanistan._NEWLINE_Students can take part in an e-learning program organized by Afghans Next Generation e-Learning.
Overall, the plots of No Soap, Radio were very loosely wound and often nonsensical, as with one episode's subplot involving a sentient, man-eating chair.  Continuity and plausibility were usually cheerfully ignored, and what continuing story there was in any given episode often centered around the staff at Atlantic City, New Jersey's Pelican Hotel, a former "showplace" that was now somewhat faded.  Seen most frequently were Roger, the young, optimistic but sometimes overwhelmed owner/manager; Karen, his sunny, capable assistant (replacing Sharon, who only appeared in the pilot); and Tuttle, the villainous house detective who was desperate to have Roger sell the hotel.  There were also several residents of the hotel who were featured, including the ebullient Mr. Plitzky, the determinedly perky Marion, and chronic complainer Mrs. Belmont._NEWLINE_Somewhat inspired by Monty Python's Flying Circus, each episode of No Soap, Radio was filled with sight gags, blackouts, and non-sequiturs.  The show would frequently cut away to "Special Reports" right in the middle of a scene, with a fictitious news anchor detailing an improbable story.  At other times, characters would watch a television commercial that would suddenly become the focus of a scene.  Still other times, doors within the hotel might be opened to reveal any sort of environment from a business to a national park, and entire scenes would play out in these "hotel rooms" with no seeming connection to the main plot.
Odra was a line of computers manufactured in Wrocław, Poland. _NEWLINE_The production started in 1959–1960. Models 1001, 1002, 1003, 1013, 1103, 1204 were of original Polish construction. Models 1304 and 1305 were functional counterparts of ICL 1905 and 1906 due to software agreement. The last model was 1325 based on two models by ICL._NEWLINE_The name comes from the Odra river that flows through the city of Wrocław._NEWLINE_The computers were built at the Elwro manufacturing plant, which was closed in 1989. _NEWLINE_Odra 1002 was capable of only 100-400 operations per second._NEWLINE_In 1962, Witold Podgórski, an employee of Elwro, managed to create a computer game on a prototype of Odra 1003; it was an adaptation of a variant of Nim, as depicted in the film Last Year at Marienbad. The computer could play a perfect game and was guaranteed to win. The game was never distributed outside of the Elwro company, but its versions appeared elsewhere. It was probably the first Polish computer game in history. _NEWLINE_The operating system used by the Odra 1204 is called SODA. It was designed to work on a small computer without magnetic storage and_NEWLINE_can run simultaneous loading and execution of programs._NEWLINE_An Odra 1204 computer was used by a team in Leningrad developing an ALGOL 68 compiler in 1976.  The Odra 1204 ran the syntax analysis, code generation ran on an IBM System/360._NEWLINE_Up until 30 April 2010 there was still one Odra 1305 working at the railway station in Wrocław Brochów. The system was shut down at 22:00 CEST and replaced with a contemporary computer system._NEWLINE_The Museum of the History of Computers and Information Technology (Muzeum Historii Komputerów i Informatyki) in Katowice, Poland started a project to recommission an Odra 1305 in 2017.
Olex and Olex2 are versatile software for crystallographic research. Olex used to be a research project developed during PhD to implement topological (as connectivity) analysis of polymeric chemical structures and still is widely used around the world. Olex2 is an open source project with the C++ code portable to Windows, Mac and Linux. Although the projects share the common name they are not related at the source code level.
Today's University of Applied Sciences has its origins in previous tertiary education institutions. The present-day School of Engineering and Computer Science arose from the “Staatlichen Ingenieurschule Osnabrück” (Osnabrück State Engineering School), which was founded in 1962. The School of Agricultural Sciences and Landscape Architecture  has its roots in the “Höhere Landbauschule” (an agricultural college) in Quakenbrück which was founded in 1936. This institution moved to Osnabrück on 1952 and was renamed the “Ingenieurschule für Landbau” (Agricultural Engineering School) in 1964, later being incorporated into the Fachhochschule Osnabrück. The modern-day Institute of Music arose from the “Städtischen Konservatorium Osnabrück” (Osnabrück Public Music Academy) which was founded in 1919; in 1996 it became a part of the Fachhochschule._NEWLINE_In 1971 the “Fachhochschule Osnabrück” was founded as an amalgamation of the various predecessor institutions; the economics department was established at this time. In 1987 the Fachhochschule established the Federal Republic’s first ever professorship of nursing science, whose inaugural holder was Ruth Schröck._NEWLINE_From 1995 to 2000, the Fachhochschule was one of the model higher education institutions featured in the initiative “Modellvorhaben für eine Erprobung der globalen Steuerung von Hochschulhaushalten in Niedersachsen” (Model Projects for a Trial of Global Management of University Budgets in Lower Saxony), whose results have since been integrated into legislation concerning higher education in the state._NEWLINE_The university's transfer over to the foundation set up in its name (“Stiftung Fachhochschule Osnabrück”) in 2003 brought about various organizational changes, such as the establishment of a foundation council (chaired by Helga Schuchardt). By 2006, the new foundation of the Fachhochschule had become one of the largest public law foundations in Germany by expenditure._NEWLINE_The new building on the Caprivi Campus in Westerberg was dedicated in 2004; the School of Business Management and Social Sciences has been using the barracks grounds since 1998. The signage system on the Caprivi Campus was designed by Andreas Uebele. That year also saw the start of the German Network for Quality Development in Care, whose offices are located at the Osnabrück University of Applied Sciences and whose role is to develop care and national expert standards in this sector._NEWLINE_When Lower Saxony's new Higher Education Act came into force in September 2010, the “Fachhochschule Osnabrück” was renamed the “Hochschule Osnabrück”. In addition, the winter semester of 2010/11 saw the number of students at the University of Applied Sciences surpass 10,000._NEWLINE_Today's School of Engineering and Computer Science (in German Ingenieurwissenschaften und Informatik, abbreviated to IuI) arose from the earlier schools of engineering, electrical engineering and computer science as well as materials and processes. The School of Business Management and Social Sciences (in German Wirtschafts- und Sozialwissenschaften, abbreviated to WiSo) arose from the previous school of economics, the Institute for Public Management, the Institute for Public Administration (offering professional qualifications for higher service) and the Institute for Healthcare Professionals. The School of Agricultural Sciences and Landscape Architecture arose from the two individual schools offering those subjects. In 2001, the School of Management, Culture and Technology was established as part of a new organisational superstructure at the Lingen site; it arose from the former schools for Communication and Society, Management and Technology and also the Department for Dual Courses (a cooperative venture with the Emsland Vocational Academy). The new Lingen campus was opened in October 2012, following the extension of halls 1 and 2 of the former repair workshop in Lingen._NEWLINE_During the winter semester of 2011/12, WiSo introduced its new Applied Economics (BA) course – the first of its kind in Germany. In February 2012, the cooperative research college “FamiLE – Familiengesundheit im Lebensverlauf” (Family Health in the Course of Life) was founded in conjunction with the University of Witten/Herdecke._NEWLINE_On 19 April 2013, the groundbreaking for the extension of the University of Applied Science (and the University of Osnabrück) into Westerberg took place. Lower Saxony's Ministry of Education and Culture invested approximately 23 million Euros in the lecture theatre; for the entire new campus, roughly 80 million Euros worth of further investment is expected.
In contrast to other universities (including applied science universities), the ratio of lecturers to students is very good at Osnabrück University of Applied Sciences. Its campus has many green areas. There are numerous older buildings on the site; however many have been (and are presently being) renovated. The Terrassenfest music festival – also popular beyond the student body – takes place in April and May every year. In the 2005 CHE rankings, the Business Law course was rated among the best; in the 2007 CHE Bachelors rankings, two courses offered by the School of Business Management and Social Sciences also achieved high rankings._NEWLINE_Osnabrück University of Applied Sciences takes part in the Formula Student Germany racing competition, sending an interdisciplinary team (named the “Ignition Racing Team”) made up of around 40 students from the Schools of Engineering and Computer Science and Business Management and Social Sciences.
PVRTC (PowerVR Texture Compression) and PVRTC2 are a family of lossy, fixed-rate texture compression formats used in PowerVR's MBX (PVRTC only), SGX and Rogue technologies. The PVRTC algorithm is documented in Simon Fenney's paper "Texture Compression using Low-Frequency Signal Modulation" that was presented at Graphics Hardware 2003._NEWLINE_These differ from block-based texture formats such as S3TC and Ericsson Texture Compression (ETC) in that the compressed image is represented by two lower resolution images which are bilinearly upscaled and then blended according to low precision, per-pixel weights. They also differ in that they support ARGB data in both 4-bpp and 2-bpp modes._NEWLINE_PVRTC is the compressed texture format used in the Nokia N9 and all generations of the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad. It is also supported in certain Android devices, that use PowerVR GPUs.
J-PAKE has been implemented in OpenSSL and OpenSSH as an experimental authentication protocol. It was removed from the OpenSSH source code at the end of January 2014. It has also been implemented in NSS and was used by Firefox Sync version 1.1 but discontinued in 1.5 which uses a different key exchange and storage method. Mozilla's J-PAKE server was shut down along with the Sync 1.1 storage servers on 30 September 2015. Pale Moon continues to use J-PAKE as part of its Sync service. Since February 2013, J-PAKE has been added to the lightweight API in Bouncycastle (1.48 and onwards). J-PAKE is also used in the Thread (network protocol)
An easy way to understand the underlying unity between physical (as in thermodynamic) entropy and information-theoretic entropy is as follows: _NEWLINE_Entropy is simply that portion of the (classical) physical information contained in a system of interest (whether it is an entire physical system, or just a subsystem delineated by a set of possible messages) whose identity (as opposed to amount) is unknown (from the point of view of a particular knower)._NEWLINE_This informal characterization corresponds to both von Neumann's formal definition of the entropy of a mixed quantum state (which is just a statistical mixture of pure states; see von Neumann entropy), as well as Claude Shannon's definition of the entropy of a probability distribution over classical signal states or messages (see information entropy).  Incidentally, the credit for Shannon's entropy formula (though not for its use in an information theory context) really belongs to Boltzmann, who derived it much earlier for use in his H-theorem of statistical mechanics.  (Shannon himself references Boltzmann in his monograph.)_NEWLINE_Furthermore, even when the state of a system is known, we can say that the information in the system is still effectively entropy if that information is effectively incompressible, that is, if there are no known or feasibly determinable correlations or redundancies between different pieces of information within the system.  Note that this definition of entropy can even be viewed as equivalent to the previous one (unknown information) if we take a meta-perspective, and say that for observer A to "know" the state of system B means simply that there is a definite correlation between the state of observer A and the state of system B; this correlation could thus be used by a meta-observer (that is, whoever is discussing the overall situation regarding A's state of knowledge about B) to compress his own description of the joint system AB._NEWLINE_Due to this connection with algorithmic information theory, entropy can be said to be that portion of a system's information capacity which is "used up," that is, unavailable for storing new information (even if the existing information content were to be compressed).  The rest of a system's information capacity (aside from its entropy) might be called extropy, and it represents the part of the system's information capacity which is potentially still available for storing newly derived information.  The fact that physical entropy is basically "used-up storage capacity" is a direct concern in the engineering of computing systems; e.g., a computer must first remove the entropy from a given physical subsystem (eventually expelling it to the environment, and emitting heat) in order for that subsystem to be used to store some newly computed information.
The band gets its name from dialogue in a famous sketch by Monty Python, "Self Defence Against Fresh Fruit," wherein Eric Idle repeatedly suggests that learning to defend against something like a pointed stick might be more useful than defending against fresh fruit. They chose this name after discovering that their first six choices had all been taken. At the beginning of their career they were briefly known as "Ernie Dick and the Pointed Sticks".
From its earliest days, the society published the quarterly Journal of the Polynesian Society, which became the society's principal means to publish information about the indigenous peoples of Polynesia, Melanesia, and Micronesia. The journal is a rich repository of the traditions of Oceania. Its first editors were S. Percy Smith and Edward Tregear. Smith was its chief contributor until his death in 1922.  The list of subsequent editors includes W. H. Skinner, Elsdon Best, Johannes C. Andersen, H. D. Skinner, C. R. H. Taylor, W. R. Geddes, W. C. Groves, Bruce Biggs, Melvyn McLean and Richard Moyle. The present editors are Judith Huntsman and Melinda Allen._NEWLINE_In addition to this journal, the society has published many notable monographs, including  S. Percy Smith's History and Traditions of the Taranaki Coast (1910) and The Lore of the Whare Wananga (1913–15); A. Shand's The Moriori  People of the Chatham Islands (1911); Elsdon Best, The Maori (1924) and Tuhoe (1925); J. C. Andersen, Maori Music (1934); and C. R. H. Taylor, A Pacific Bibliography (1951), and two catalogues of the Oldman Collection of Māori and Polynesian artifacts (2004)._NEWLINE_Other major works include A. Ngata and Pei Te Hurinui Jones Nga Moteatea (1959–1990), a definitive four-volume collection of traditional Māori song with translations and commentaries, which has been published in a new, enhanced edition by Auckland University Press in association with the Polynesian Society._NEWLINE_A history of the society and its journal, M. P. K. Sorrenson's Manifest Duty: The Polynesian Society over 100 years, and a Centennial Index 1892–1991 (D. Brown, compiler) were published in 1991.
In the 1943-1944 Pontianak incident, the Japanese orchestrated a mass arrest of Malay elites, Arabs, Chinese, Javanese, Menadonese, Dayaks, Bugis, Bataks, Minangkabau, Dutch, Indians, and Eurasians in Kalimantan, including all of the Malay Sultans, accused them of plotting to overthrow Japanese rule, and then massacred them. The Japanese falsely claimed that all of those ethnic groups, and organisations such as the Islamic Pemuda Muhammadijah, were involved in a plot to overthrow the Japanese and create a "People's Republic of West Borneo" (Negara Rakyat Borneo Barat)._NEWLINE_The Japanese claimed that, "Sultans, Chinese, Indonesian government officials, Indians and Arabs, who had been antagonistic to each other, joined together to massacre Japanese", naming the Sultan of the Pontianak Sultanate as one of the "ringleaders" in the planned rebellion. Up to 25 aristocrats, relatives of the Sultan of Pontianak, and many other prominent individuals were named as participants in the plot by the Japanese and then executed at Mandor._NEWLINE_The Sultans of Pontianak, Sambas, Ketapang, Soekadana, Simbang, Koeboe, Ngabang, Sanggau, Sekadau, Tajan, Singtan, and Mempawa were all executed by the Japanese; respectively, their names were Sjarif Mohamed Alkadri, Mohamad Ibrahim Tsafidedin, Goesti Saoenan, Tengkoe Idris, Goesti Mesir, Sjarif Saleh, Goesti Abdoel Hamid, Ade Mohamad Arif, Goesti Mohamad Kelip, Goesti Djapar, Raden Abdul Bahri Danoe Perdana, and Mohammed Ahoufiek. They are known as the "12 Dokoh". In Java, the Japanese jailed Syarif Abdul Hamid Alqadrie, the son of Sultan Syarif Mohamad Alkadrie (Sjarif Mohamed Alkadri). Since he was in Java during the executions Hamid II was the only male in his family not killed, while the Japanese beheaded all 28 other male relatives of Pontianak Sultan Mohammed Alkadri._NEWLINE_Among the 29 people of the Sultan of Pontianak's family who were beheaded by the Japanese was the heir to the Pontianak throne. Later in 1944, the Dayaks assassinated a Japanese named Nakatani, who was involved in the incident and who was known for his cruelty.  Sultan of Pontianak Mohamed Alkadri's fourth son, Pengeran Agoen (Pangeran Agung), and another son, Pengeran Adipati (Pangeran Adipati), were both beheaded by the Japanese  in a public execution._NEWLINE_The Japanese extermination of the Malay elite of Pontianak paved the way for a new Dayak elite to arise in its place. According to Mary F. Somers Heidhues, during May and June 1945, some Japanese were killed in a rebellion by the Dayaks in Sanggau. According to Jamie S. Davidson, this rebellion, during which many Dayaks and Japanese were killed, occurred from April through August 1945, and was called the "Majang Desa War". The Pontianak Incidents, or Affairs, are divided into two Pontianak incidents by scholars, variously categorised according to mass killings and arrests, which occurred in several stages on different dates._NEWLINE_The Pontianak incident negatively impacted the Chinese community in Kalimantan.
The U.S. government has given money to many school boards to purchase computers for educational applications. Schools may have multiple computer labs, which contain these computers for students to use. There is usually Internet access on these machines, but some schools will put up a blocking service to limit the websites that students are able to access to only include educational resources, such as Google. In addition to controlling the content students are viewing, putting up these blocks can also help to keep the computers safe by preventing students from downloading malware and other threats. However, the effectiveness of such content filtering systems is questionable since it can easily be circumvented by using proxy websites, Virtual Private Networks and for some weak security systems merely knowing the IP address of the intended website is enough to go through._NEWLINE_School computers often have advanced operating system security to prevent tech-savvy students from inflicting damage (i.e. the Windows Registry Editor and Task Manager, etc.) are disabled on Microsoft Windows machines. Schools with very advanced tech services may also install a locked down BIOS/firmware or make kernel-level changes to the operating system, eradicating all chances of unauthorized activity.
Grinter was born in Norwich, England, UK, and attended the City of Norwich School and Hethersett High School. She pursued undergraduate studies at the University of Leeds, graduating in 1991 with a B.Sc. (Hons) in Computer Science. Following this, Grinter received an EPSRC fellowship to study at the University of California, Irvine, where she earned a M.S. (1994) and a Ph.D. (1996), both in Information and Computer Science. As a graduate student, Grinter was influenced by David Parnas, whose work in software engineering spoke to Grinter's burgeoning interest in the relationship between humans and software. Grinter's dissertation, titled, "Understanding Dependencies: A Study of the Coordination Challenges in Software Development", was chaired by Jonathan Grudin.
Grinter's research lies generally in the fields of human-computer interaction (HCI) and computer-supported cooperative work (CSCW). Her earlier work dealt with the challenges of distributed software engineering, while her more recent work has focused on HCI, CSCW, and ubiquitous computing applications beyond the workplace, including instant messaging and SMS usage among teenagers, museum visitor behavior, technologies for religion, and domestic computing opportunities. Grinter is a proponent of qualitative and empirical research methods, often conducting interviews and ethnographic studies to understand intersections between humans and technologies. One of Grinter's best-known publications, "Instant Messaging in Teen Life", coauthored with Leysia Palen, was reported as one of the 15 most-downloaded papers on the ACM Digital Library for the year of 2006.
The Rhodes student body represents 46 states, the District of Columbia, and 43 foreign countries. Additionally, 20% are minorities, and 30% are multicultural and international students. The student-to-faculty ratio is 10:1 and the average class size is 14. Some of the college's approximately 50 majors and minors include International Studies, Economics, Computer Science, Commerce and Business, Biology, Political Science, and Political Economy. Over 95% of Rhodes' 224 faculty members hold the highest degree in their field, and no classes at the college are taught by teaching assistants.
Samizdat: And Other Issues Regarding the 'Source' of Open Source Code is a 2004 report by Kenneth Brown. The report suggests that the Linux kernel may have been created or distributed illegally and that open-source software may be generally subject to such abuses._NEWLINE_The report states that the Linux kernel was written using copied source code from Minix and other resources acquired improperly or possibly illegally by Linus Torvalds. It also suggests that one can never be certain of the origins of open source code, so similar misuse of copyrighted code may exist for other open-source projects. Finally, it asserts that the GNU General Public License is bad for the economy._NEWLINE_The book was greeted with widespread rejection by the technical world and was repudiated by many of its claimed sources._NEWLINE_The prerelease has long been delisted from the distributor's site and the book was never given a proper release, although the prerelease PDF is available online.
The book's claims, methodology and references have been seriously questioned, including by many of those it quotes in support of its thesis, such as Andrew S. Tanenbaum, author of Minix; Dennis Ritchie, one of the creators of Unix; and Richard Stallman, leader of the GNU project. Others have said that quotes attributed as being from an "interview with AdTI" were in fact from prerelease journal papers (Ilkka Tuomi) or from messageboard posts (Charles Mills, Henry Jones)._NEWLINE_Alexey Toptygin said he had been commissioned by Brown to find similarities between Minix and Linux 0.01 source code, and found no support for the theory that Minix source code had been used to create Linux; this study is not mentioned in the book. Toptygin has been quoted as saying that he had been asked by a friend _NEWLINE_... if I wanted to do some code analysis on a consultancy basis for his boss, Kenneth Brown. I ended up doing about 10 hours of work, comparing early versions of Linux and Minix, looking for copied code. To summarize, my analysis found no evidence whatsoever that any code was copied. When I called him to ask if he had any questions about the analysis methods or results, and to ask if he would like to have it repeated with other source comparison tools, I was in for a bit of a shock. Apparently, Ken was expecting me to find gobs of copied source code. He spent most of the conversation trying to convince me that I must have made a mistake, since it was clearly impossible for one person to write an OS and 'code theft' had to have occurred._NEWLINE_Although Linux 0.01 was written using Minix as an example and starting point — Minix had been created by Tanenbaum as an example for study — no code from Minix was actually used in it; Tanenbaum himself agrees on this point, and stated as much in an interview with Ken Brown while the latter was researching Samizdat. Furthermore, Linux 0.01 was a barely functional first draft, far from the sophisticated, industry-grade Linux-based operating systems it would later grow into._NEWLINE_Samizdat's detractors also point to the fact that AdTI has been funded directly since 1999 by Microsoft, a company which publishes the competing proprietary operating system Microsoft Windows, and considers Linux one of its most important competitors (see Halloween documents#Documents I and II)._NEWLINE_After a month of widespread rejection of the book in the technical press, Microsoft also repudiated it in mid-June, a spokesman calling it “an unhelpful distraction from what matters most—providing the best technology for our customers.”_NEWLINE_Notably absent from Brown's research for Samizdat was any direct communication with Torvalds.
Like all other Samsung Galaxy smartphones, the Galaxy Star runs on the Android mobile operating system. It runs on a modified version of Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean. Because of this, Samsung has stated that CPU usage is conducted in a more efficient way to ensure longer battery life. Again, as with other Samsung smartphones, the device also uses Samsung's TouchWiz UX Nature user interface as the default user interface, though it is also possible to use other third-party user interfaces. By default, as in other Android smartphones, Google's products such as Google Chrome, Gmail, Google+, Google Hangouts etc. are provided in the phone. The device also has access to the Google Play store, but being a low-end smartphone, new applications as well as applications requiring a large amount of processing power and memory cannot be installed on the device.  Samsung's applications such as ChatON and Samsung Apps are also preinstalled, as in other Samsung smartphones. However games like Dead Trigger,Temple Run,Temple run 2,Temple Run oz, Angry Birds, Jetpack Joyride works with ease.
The Samsung Galaxy Star has received mixed reviews upon its release. While it has been praised for its price, user experience and battery life, it has also been criticised for its small screen, lack of features and performance. Many users have found that the device's capabilities are basic, seeing it as a low-end smartphone._NEWLINE_According to The Times of India, the Galaxy Star looks "cute", has a decent screen, has a decent battery life and provides a good user experience, but has its drawbacks, with a small screen, low resolution and an underwhelming performance. ReviewGuidelines.com has praised the phone's memory, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, touchscreen display and design, while criticising the lack of features and functionality. According to Techpinas.com, the Samsung Galaxy Star is a decent device capable of providing users with an adequate mobile experience. The screen is bare basic, yet this is understandable considering the device is a low-end smartphone. Furthermore, it excels in terms of basic functions such as web browsing and communications._NEWLINE_Many individual reviewers in the Internet have criticized the device due to its lack of a GPS, which has become the norm for modern day smartphones. Reviewers have agreed that the phone excels in terms of battery life, which is a result of Samsung modifying the operating system to control battery drainage. Despite the fact that the device has a 2MP fixed focus back camera, reviewers have found that the camera is capable of taking clear pictures with adequate picture quality.
In Japan, SoftBank Mobile announced that the Samsung Omnia will be sold as 930SC in November 2008. However, it adopted the proprietary operating system instead of Windows Mobile. It has a 3.3-inch (84 mm) Wide VGA LCD and 1seg tuner, but GPS has been excluded. It is also available for SoftBank Mobile's own mobile Internet service.
On November 29, 2012, the company unveiled a suite of new tools to “revolutionize consumer healthcare.” The Scanadu Scout is a lightweight device that is touched to a patient's temple and is touted as being able to return key vital sign results in less than 10 seconds. Project ScanaFlo is a urinanalysis test for conditions like preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, kidney failure and urinary tract infections. Project ScanaFlu is used when a patient is exhibiting cold-like symptoms. The saliva test checks  for Strep A, Influenza A and B, adenovirus, and RSV. The suite of products, originally conceived of in partnership with IDEO, is being designed by award-winning industrial designer Yves Behar._NEWLINE_Scanadu's long-term product vision is to combine a broad array of electrical and biochemical sensors with intelligent algorithms to create a real-life Tricorder. Accordingly, the company is often mentioned as a leading contender for the $10m Qualcomm Tricorder X Prize. Another of Scanadu's goals is to develop a corps of users willing to share their medical readings, such as heart rates and stress, over many years. The idea is to help enable personalized medicine by generating collective information about the relationships between such readings as respiration, temperature and oxygen intake before the onset of a disease._NEWLINE_The need for a product like the Scanadu Scout occurred to CEO Walter De Brouwer in 2003 after his five-year-old son fell about 40 feet and lapsed into a coma for 11 weeks. De Brouwer learned that none of his son's various health data was being consolidated for collective analysis. “To someone from the tech world, this was like something from the dinosaur age,” he told The New York Times._NEWLINE_In December 2016, Scanadu informed their customers it would no longer support its Scout device starting May 15, 2017.
Walter De Brouwer, a co-founder, stepped down from CEO in April 2016, and Jaime Tenedorio was promoted to Chief Executive Officer._NEWLINE_The company includes team members specializing in the fields of design, hardware, software, algorithm development, regulatory, clinical testing, manufacturing, and in-vitro diagnostics.
The population, mainly a mixture of Makasars, Bugis and the natives of Luvu and Buton, is estimated at 57,000 on the main island and 24,000 on the nearby islands. They speak the Makassar language and are for the most part nominally Muslims (though many non-Muslim customs survive) and support themselves by agriculture, fishing, seafaring, trade, the preparation of salt (on the south coast) and weaving. Raw and prepared cotton, tobacco, trepang, tortoise-shell, coconuts and coconut oil, and salt are exported. There is frequent movement between the area and other parts of Sulawesi as well as to other parts Indonesia. For that reason, and also because of its excellent horses and numerous water buffaloes, the Saleyar Islands are often compared with Madura, being of the same importance to Celebes as is Madura to Java.
The river flows in the southeastern area of Java with predominantly tropical monsoon climate (designated as Am in the Köppen-Geiger climate classification). The annual average temperature in the area is 24 °C. The warmest month is October, when the average temperature is around 26 °C, and the coldest is July, at 22 °C. The average annual rainfall is 2160 mm. The wettest month is January, with an average of 475 mm rainfall, and the driest is August, with 31 mm rainfall.
In computer science, the shortest common supersequence of two sequences X and Y is the shortest sequence which has X and Y as subsequences. This is a problem closely related to the longest common subsequence problem. Given two sequences X = < x₁,...,xₘ > and Y = < y₁,...,yₙ >, a sequence U = < u₁,...,uₖ > is a common supersequence of X and Y if items can be removed from U to produce X or Y._NEWLINE_A shortest common supersequence (SCS) is a common supersequence of minimal length. In the shortest common supersequence problem, the two sequences X and Y are given and the task is to find a shortest possible common supersequence of these sequences. In general, an SCS is not unique._NEWLINE_For two input sequences, an SCS can be formed from a longest common subsequence (LCS) easily. For example, if X and Y, the lcs is Z. By inserting the non-lcs symbols while preserving the symbol order, we get the SCS: U._NEWLINE_It is quite clear that  for two input sequences. However, for three or more input sequences this does not hold. Note also, that the LCS and the SCS problems are not dual problems.
Several pathfinding algorithms, including Dijkstra's algorithm and the A* search algorithm, internally build a spanning tree as an intermediate step in solving the problem._NEWLINE_In order to minimize the cost of power networks, wiring connections, piping, automatic speech recognition, etc., people often use algorithms that gradually build a spanning tree (or many such trees) as intermediate steps in the process of finding the minimum spanning tree._NEWLINE_The Internet and many other telecommunications networks have transmission links that connect nodes together in a mesh topology that includes some loops._NEWLINE_In order to "avoid bridge loops and "routing loops", many routing protocols designed for such networks—including the Spanning Tree Protocol, Open Shortest Path First, Link-state routing protocol, Augmented tree-based routing, etc.—require each router to remember a spanning tree._NEWLINE_A special kind of spanning tree, the Xuong tree, is used in topological graph theory to find graph embeddings with maximum genus. A Xuong tree is a spanning tree such that, in the remaining graph, the number of connected components with an odd number of edges is as small as possible. A Xuong tree and an associated maximum-genus embedding can be found in polynomial time.
A single spanning tree of a graph can be found in linear time by either depth-first search or breadth-first search. Both of these algorithms explore the given graph, starting from an arbitrary vertex v, by looping through the neighbors of the vertices they discover and adding each unexplored neighbor to a data structure to be explored later. They differ in whether this data structure is a  stack (in the case of depth-first search) or a  queue (in the case of breadth-first search). In either case, one can form a spanning tree by connecting each vertex, other than the root vertex v, to the vertex from which it was discovered. This tree is known as a depth-first search tree or a breadth-first search tree according to the graph exploration algorithm used to construct it. Depth-first search trees are a special case of a class of spanning trees called Trémaux trees, named after the 19th-century discoverer of depth-first search._NEWLINE_Spanning trees are important in parallel and distributed computing, as a way of maintaining communications between a set of processors; see for instance the Spanning Tree Protocol used by OSI link layer devices or the Shout (protocol) for distributed computing. However, the depth-first and breadth-first methods for constructing spanning trees on sequential computers are not well suited for parallel and distributed computers. Instead, researchers have devised several more specialized algorithms for finding spanning trees in these models of computation.
In certain fields of graph theory it is often useful to find a minimum spanning tree of a weighted graph. Other optimization problems on spanning trees have also been studied, including the maximum spanning tree, the minimum tree that spans at least k vertices, the spanning tree with the fewest edges per vertex, the spanning tree with the largest number of leaves, the spanning tree with the fewest leaves (closely related to the Hamiltonian path problem), the minimum diameter spanning tree, and the minimum dilation spanning tree._NEWLINE_Optimal spanning tree problems have also been studied for finite sets of points in a geometric space such as the Euclidean plane. For such an input, a spanning tree is again a tree that has as its vertices the given points. The quality of the tree is measured in the same way as in a graph, using the Euclidean distance between pairs of points as the weight for each edge. Thus, for instance, a Euclidean minimum spanning tree is the same as a graph minimum spanning tree in a complete graph with Euclidean edge weights. However, it is not necessary to construct this graph in order to solve the optimization problem; the Euclidean minimum spanning tree problem, for instance, can be solved more efficiently in O(n log n) time by constructing the Delaunay triangulation and then applying a linear time planar graph minimum spanning tree algorithm to the resulting triangulation.
A spanning tree chosen randomly from among all the spanning trees with equal probability is called a uniform spanning tree. Wilson's algorithm can be used to generate uniform spanning trees in polynomial time by a process of taking a random walk on the given graph and erasing the cycles created by this walk._NEWLINE_An alternative model for generating spanning trees randomly but not uniformly is the random minimal spanning tree. In this model, the edges of the graph are assigned random weights and then the minimum spanning tree of the weighted graph is constructed.
The complexity of the subset sum problem can be viewed as depending on two parameters, N, the number of decision variables, and P, the precision of the problem (stated as the number of binary place values that it takes to state the problem). (Note: here the letters N and P mean something different from what they mean in the NP class of problems.)_NEWLINE_The complexity of the best known algorithms is exponential in the smaller of the two parameters N and P. Thus, the problem is most difficult if N and P are of the same order. It only becomes easy if either N or P becomes very small._NEWLINE_If N (the number of variables) is small, then an exhaustive search for the solution is practical. If P (the number of place values) is a small fixed number, then there are dynamic programming algorithms that can solve it exactly._NEWLINE_Efficient algorithms for both small N and small P cases are given below.
There are several ways to solve subset sum in time exponential in . The most naïve algorithm would be to cycle through all subsets of  numbers and, for every one of them, check if the subset sums to the right number. The running time is of order , since there are  subsets and, to check each subset, we need to sum at most  elements._NEWLINE_A better exponential time algorithm is known which runs in time O(2ᴺ/2). The algorithm splits arbitrarily the N elements into two sets of N/2 each. For each of these two sets, it stores a list of the sums of all 2ᴺ/2 possible subsets of its elements. Each of these two lists is then sorted. Using a standard comparison sorting algorithm for this step would take time O(2ᴺ/2N).  However, given a sorted list of sums for k elements, the list can be expanded to two sorted lists with the introduction of a (k + 1)st element, and these two sorted lists can be merged in time O(2ᵏ).  Thus, each list can be generated in sorted form in time O(2ᴺ/2).  Given the two sorted lists, the algorithm can check if an element of the first array and an element of the second array sum up to s in time O(2ᴺ/2). To do that, the algorithm passes through the first array in decreasing order (starting at the largest element) and the second array in increasing order (starting at the smallest element). Whenever the sum of the current element in the first array and the current element in the second array is more than s, the algorithm moves to the next element in the first array. If it is less than s, the algorithm moves to the next element in the second array. If two elements with sum s are found, it stops.  Horowitz and Sahni first published this algorithm in a technical report in 1974.
The name "sundel bolong" derives from the physical appearance of the ghost. The word "sundel" which means "prostitute" or "whore" and "bolong" in Javanese which literally means "hole." Modern folklore studies believe that the myth was developed in Javan culture to deter prostitution that developed during the Dutch East Indies colonization.
The first series was noted for its unusual concept, out-of-context parodies, "semantic and philosophical jokes", compressed prose and "groundbreaking deployment of sound effects and voice techniques"._NEWLINE_The programme was a hit with listeners, although a BBC World Service listener in India allegedly "strongly objected to 'Robots taking part in a comedy show'" and another in Sierra Leone thought that "as a source of information it is misleading". One listener complained to the Radio Times that "In just about 50 years of radio and latterly TV listening and watching, this strikes me as the most fatuous, inane, childish, pointless, codswallopping drivel...It is not even remotely funny"._NEWLINE_BBC Radio 3's Critics Forum thought the show had "the sort of effect that a Monty Python programme actually has, of making everything that appears immediately after it on radio or television or whatever, seem absolutely ludicrous". By the time the sixth episode was broadcast, the show had become a cult hit._NEWLINE_The success of the series encouraged Adams to adapt it into a novel, which was based on the first four Fits and released in the second week of October 1979. While the second radio series was being recorded in 1979, Adams was commissioned to deliver a pilot script for a television adaptation, which, after a number of delays, was delivered by 1981. The storyline set out by the initial radio series has since appeared in numerous formats including a 1984 video game and a 2005 feature film._NEWLINE_The original series was the recipient of a number of awards including the Imperial Tobacco Award (1978), The Sony Award (1979), The Society of Authors/Pye Awards Best Programme for Young People (1980) and the Mark Time Awards 'Grand Master Award' (Adams) and 'Hall of Fame' (1998). It was the only radio show ever to be nominated for the Hugo science fiction awards, in 1979, in the 'Best Dramatic Presentation' category._NEWLINE_As a result of the series, Douglas Adams was inducted into the Radio Academy's Hall of Fame.
The Romance of Lust, or Early Experiences is a Victorian erotic novel written anonymously in four volumes during the years 1873–1876 and published by William Lazenby.  Henry Spencer Ashbee discusses this novel in one of his bibliographies of erotic literature. In addition the compilers of British Museum General Catalogue of Printed Books list this book.
The Spirit of Christmas series started when Myer, an Australian department store, wished to continue their philanthropic support in the community, "whilst at the same time providing something special for everyone to enjoy". They choose the Salvation Army's Red Shield Appeal for at-risk children and youth throughout the country as the first recipients. Session and touring musician, Lindsay Field was appointed the executive producer and compiler. Field contacted various fellow Australian musicians – including those he had worked with personally – to donate a track for the compilation, most commonly a new rendition of a standard Christmas carol. Together with Glenn Wheatley (former member of The Masters Apprentices and manager of Little River Band), Field produced the recording for the Emerald City label which was distributed by Polydor Records.
Thomas' first collecting trip, inspired by the success of his brother William Lobb, was from 1843 to 1847, collecting in Java as well as visiting rainforests in Singapore, Penang and Malaysia._NEWLINE_After a rest period working back at the Veitch Nurseries and after seeing William again for the first time since 1840, a second collecting trip took place from 25 December 1848 to 1853. This visited India, Sarawak, Philippines and Burma, India and Nepal. During this visit he briefly met up with Sir Joseph Hooker who was on a collecting expedition in the Khasi Hills._NEWLINE_His brother William returned to America in 1854, finished working for Veitch in 1860 and died in San Francisco in 1864._NEWLINE_Thomas Lobb returned to Java in 1854 to 1857, his third collecting trip. _NEWLINE_A leg injury occurred on his fourth and final collecting trip (1858 to 1860) visiting North Borneo, Burma, Sumatra and the Philippines. He retired to Cornwall in 1860 to live near family, having injured a leg, which was eventually amputated either in the Philippines or Cornwall._NEWLINE_Thomas Lobb appears to have  parted company with the Veitch nursery in 1860, possibly over compensation for his leg injury and amputation suffered collecting plants in the Philippines in 1860 (according to the Veitch Nursery history, Hortus Veitchii)._NEWLINE_A later argument over a possible return to collecting in 1869 contributed to the death by heart attack of James Veitch junior._NEWLINE_After this, Thomas Lobb remained in quiet secluded retirement in Stanley Villa, Devoran, Cornwall, busy with gardening and painting, whilst living off his money from his herbarium collections and letting several cottages he had built._NEWLINE_He died in 1894 and is buried in Devoran churchyard, Cornwall where a small memorial garden and headstone can be found to himself and his brother William._NEWLINE_A tiny new Lobb Brothers planthunters garden was dedicated for community use off Market Street in Devoran in 2017.
Plant introductions credited to Thomas Lobb (illustrated in The Plant Hunters by Toby and Will Musgrave and Chris Gardner)  show the route of his travels. They were introduced to Britain via cultivation at the Veitch nursery include:_NEWLINE_Phalaenopsis amabilis (1846), an epiphytic moth orchid from rainforests across Java, Philippines, New Guinea and Northern Australia;_NEWLINE_Nepenthes sanguinea (c.1847), a blood red marked climbing pitcher plant from cloud forest in Malaysia; _NEWLINE_Nepenthes albomarginata, a  Nepenthes pitcher plant from Borneo;_NEWLINE_Aerides rosea (1850), a fox-brush orchid from India, Vietnam and China;_NEWLINE_Aerides multiflora, an orchid from India;_NEWLINE_Vanda caerulea (c.1850) a blue epiphytic orchid from Burma, Thailand and India;_NEWLINE_Vanda tricolor (c.1846) a pink-lipped, pale yellow brown patterned  epiphytic orchid from Java;_NEWLINE_Rhododendron veitchianum (c. 1850), from Burma, Thailand and Indo-China. This is one of many Rhododendron species he collected and introduced to Britain including Rhododendron malayanum (c.1850) with small pink flowers, Rhododendron brookeanum (c.1850) with yellow-gold flowers and Rhododendron javanicum (c.1850) with small pink flowers.
Often, listeners can identify an instrument, even at different pitches and loudness, in different environments, and with different players. In the case of the clarinet, acoustic analysis shows waveforms irregular enough to suggest three instruments rather than one. David Luce (1963, 16) suggests that this implies that "[C]ertain strong regularities in the acoustic waveform of the above instruments must exist which are invariant with respect to the above variables." However, Robert Erickson argues that there are few regularities and they do not explain our "...powers of recognition and identification." He suggests borrowing the concept of subjective constancy from studies of vision and visual perception (Erickson 1975, 11)._NEWLINE_Psychoacoustic experiments from the 1960s onwards tried to elucidate the nature of timbre. One method involves playing pairs of sounds to listeners, then using a multidimensional scaling algorithm to aggregate their dissimilarity judgments into a timbre space. The most consistent outcomes from such experiments are that brightness or spectral energy distribution (Grey 1977), and the bite, or rate and synchronicity (Wessel 1979) and rise time (Lakatos 2000), of the attack are important factors.
Topcoder was founded in 2001 by Jack Hughes, Chairman and Founder of the Tallan company. The name was formerly spelt as "TopCoder" until 2013. Topcoder ran regular competitive programming challenges, known as Single Round Matches or "SRMs," where each SRM was a timed 1.5-hour algorithm competition and contestants would compete against each other to solve the same set of problems. The contestants were students from different secondary schools or universities. Cash prizes ranging from $5,000 to $10,000 per match were secured from corporate sponsors and awarded to tournament winners to generate interest from the student community._NEWLINE_As the community of designers, developers, data scientists, and competitive programmers involved in Topcoder grew, the company started to offer software development services to 3rd party clients, contracting individual community members to work on specific tasks. Most of the revenue, though, still came from consulting services provided to clients by Topcoder employees. From 2006 onwards, Topcoder held design competitions, thus offering design services to their clients. In 2006 Topcoder also started to organize Marathon Matches (MM) – one week long algorithmic contests._NEWLINE_In an attempt to optimize expenses, Topcoder introduced new competition tracks in 2007-2008 and delegated more work from its employees to the community. By 2009, the size of Topcoder's staff had been reduced to 16 project managers servicing 35 clients, while the community did most of the actual work via crowdsourcing. Topcoder representatives claim that at this point their community had about 170k registered members, and the company's annual revenue was approximately $19 million._NEWLINE_In 2013, Topcoder was acquired by Appirio, and the Topcoder community (of around 500 thousand at the time), was merged, under the Topcoder brand, with the 75k member crowdsourcing community Cloudspokes, created and managed by Appirio._NEWLINE_In 2016, Topcoder, along with Appirio, was acquired by Wipro as a part of a $500 million deal and continued to operate as a separate company under its brand._NEWLINE_Since the end of 2017, Topcoder has continued to offer its enterprise clients the Hybrid Crowd platform, as a way to protect intellectual property in crowdsourcing projects. In addition to the public Topcoder community, the Hybrid Crowd platform allows for the creation of certified and private crowdsourcing communities. Its certified communities include members of public Topcoder communities who are vetted for a customer's specific requirements, such as signing an additional NDA, completing a background check, or meeting any other particular certifications. The private communities may include an enterprise's employees and contractors. As the first user of Hybrid Crowd, Wipro integrated its internal (employee-only) crowdsourcing platform TopGear with Topcoder.
In 2013, it was reported that researchers from Harvard Medical School, Harvard Business School, and London Business School successfully used Topcoder Community to solve complex biological problems. Researchers say that Topcoder competitors approached the biology-related big-data challenge, and managed to create a more accurate and 1000 times faster alternative of BLAST algorithm.
Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity organization collaborates with Topcoder to create innovative algorithms for intelligence applications. From July 2017 to February 2018 it ran the Functional Map of the World challenge to develop deep learning algorithms capable of scanning and identifying in satellite imagery different classes of objects, such as airports, schools, oil wells, shipyards, or ports . In the ongoing Mercury challenge it aims to create AI methods for automated prediction of critical events, involving military action, non-violent civil unrest, and infectious diseases in Middle East.
In 2010, NASA asked the Topcoder community to optimize the contents of medical kits for future human space exploration missions._NEWLINE_In 2013, NASA Tournament Lab cooperated with Topcoder to run data-science challenges targeting to improve computer vision algorithms for their Robonaut 2 humanoid robot; in another challenge, Topcoder members were asked to develop algorithms for optimization of ISS solar arrays usage. Also in 2013 Topcoder helped NASA to develop a software solution for tracking food consumption by astronauts._NEWLINE_In another challenge, Topcoder community helped NASA and National Geographic's explorer Albert Lin to develop an algorithm to identify human-build structures in Genghis Khan's homeland._NEWLINE_In 2014, Asteroid Data Hunter, Asteroid Tracker, and many other challenges were carried on to develop better algorithms for asteroids detection in space images._NEWLINE_In 2015, the Topcoder Data Science community was challenged by NASA, Quakefinder, Harvard Crowd Innovation Lab, and Amazon Web Services, to come up with an algorithm that finds correlations between ultra-low frequency electromagnetic signals emanating from the earth, and subsequent moderate and large earthquakes._NEWLINE_In 2017, NASA, HeroX, and Topcoder announced a challenge to optimize their computational-intensive software solution for fluid dynamics, FUN3D, which was cancelled later due to a high number of applicants (more than 1,800) during the registration, coupled with concerns about control over the public distribution of the software to optimize._NEWLINE_In 2018, a data science challenge is running currently to develop better algorithms for tracking of RFID-tagged items within the International Space Station.
Determining the unique set of cellular factors that is needed to be manipulated for each cell conversion is a long and costly process that involved much trial and error. As a result, this first step of identifying the key set of cellular factors for cell conversion is the major obstacle researchers face in the field of cell reprogramming. An international team of researchers have developed an algorithm, called Mogrify(1), that can predict the optimal set of cellular factors required to convert one human cell type to another._NEWLINE_When tested, Mogrify was able to accurately predict the set of cellular factors required for previously published cell conversions correctly. To further validate Mogrify's predictive ability, the team conducted two novel cell conversions in the laboratory using human cells, and these were successful in both attempts solely using the predictions of Mogrify.  Mogrify has been made available online for other researchers and scientists.
The Urbana–Champaign campus was founded in 1867 as the Illinois Industrial University.  It was one of the 37 public land-grant institutions created shortly after Abraham Lincoln signed the Morrill Act in 1862. The university changed its name to University of Illinois in 1885, and then again to University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1982. The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is the largest and most prestigious of the three campuses. UIUC, or more commonly "ILLINOIS," is the flagship state university campus. It is home to 16 colleges and instructional units including the College of Agricultural, Consumer, and Environmental Sciences; College of Applied Health Sciences; Gies College of Business; College of Education; College of Engineering; College of Fine and Applied Arts; Graduate College; Institute of Labor and Industrial Relations; College of Law; College of Liberal Arts and Sciences; Graduate School of Library and Information Science; College of Media; Carle-Illinois College of Medicine; School of Social Work; and the College of Veterinary Medicine._NEWLINE_It is also home to the National Center for Supercomputing Applications, NCSA, where Marc Andreessen (of Netscape fame) and others helped develop the Mosaic web browser, the first HTML browser capable of rendering images. In addition, in 1987, NCSA created NCSA Telnet, a program which permitted users access to the supercomputer's resources remotely. The petascale Blue Waters to be completed in 2011 is among the world's fastest supercomputers._NEWLINE_UIUC and its alumni are particularly well known for their contributions to engineering, including inventions such as the LED, plasma screen, and integrated circuit.  The library is notable both for being the largest public academic library in the country, with over forty departmental libraries, and for possessing over twelve million volumes.  Each year, the library circulates about 1.2 million items and answers about 293,000 reference questions. The university is highly ranked in psychology, engineering, law, library and information science, chemistry, computer science, labor and industrial relations, educational psychology, finance, accounting, business administration, communication, and music. Physics professor John Bardeen won the Nobel Physics Prize twice in his lifetime, an honor no other researcher has received. The school's marching band, named the Marching Illini, also enjoys a superb reputation.  Until recently, the symbol of the University's athletic teams was a Native American figure, Chief Illiniwek, which had sparked significant controversy.  Chief Illiniwek completed his last performance on February 21, 2007 and has since been retired from performing and as the official symbol of the school._NEWLINE_Currently the university boasts the world's most technologically advanced Computer Science building, Siebel Center, as well as many other world-class research laboratories such as Loomis Laboratory of Physics.
Unix-like operating systems identify a user by a value called a user identifier, often abbreviated to user ID or UID. The UID, along with the group identifier (GID) and other access control criteria, is used to determine which system resources a user can access. The password file maps textual user names to UIDs. UIDs are stored in the inodes of the Unix file system, running processes, tar archives, and the now-obsolete Network Information Service. In POSIX-compliant environments, the command-line command id gives the current user's UID, as well as more information such as the user name, primary user group and group identifier (GID).
POSIX requires the UID to be an integer type. Most Unix-like operating systems represent the UID as an unsigned integer. The size of UID values varies amongst different systems; some UNIX OS's used 15-bit values, allowing values up to 32767, while others such as Linux (before version 2.4) supported 16-bit UIDs, making 65536 unique IDs possible. The majority of modern Unix-like systems (e.g., Solaris-2.0 in 1990, Linux 2.4 in 2001) have switched to 32-bit UIDs, allowing 4,294,967,296 (2³²) unique IDs.
GCC′s implementation declares the rel_ops namespace (nested within namespace std) in the following manner:_NEWLINE_namespace rel_ops {_NEWLINE_template <class _Tp> inline bool operator !=(const _Tp& __x, const _Tp& __y) { return !(__x == __y); }_NEWLINE_template <class _Tp> inline bool operator  >(const _Tp& __x, const _Tp& __y) { return   __y < __x;   }_NEWLINE_template <class _Tp> inline bool operator <=(const _Tp& __x, const _Tp& __y) { return !(__y < __x);  }_NEWLINE_template <class _Tp> inline bool operator >=(const _Tp& __x, const _Tp& __y) { return !(__x < __y);  }_NEWLINE_}_NEWLINE_Consider the following declaration of class A, which defines equality and less-than operators for comparison against other objects of the same type:_NEWLINE_class A {_NEWLINE_int building;_NEWLINE_int room;public:_NEWLINE_bool operator ==(const A& other) const {_NEWLINE_return (building == other.building) && (room == other.room);_NEWLINE_}_NEWLINE_bool operator <(const A& other) const {_NEWLINE_return (building < other.building) ||_NEWLINE_   (!(other.building < building) && (room < other.room));_NEWLINE_}_NEWLINE_};void f1(const A& a1, const A& a2) {_NEWLINE_bool equal = (a1 == a2);       // uses == defined within class A_NEWLINE_bool not_equal = (a1 != a2);       // error: no match for ‘operator!=’ in ‘a1 != a2’_NEWLINE_bool less = (a1 < a2);         // uses  < defined within class A_NEWLINE_bool greater = (a1 > a2);          // error: no match for ‘operator >’ in ‘a1  > a2’_NEWLINE_bool less_equal = (a1 <= a2);      // error: no match for ‘operator<=’ in ‘a1 <= a2’_NEWLINE_bool greater_equal = (a1 >= a2);   // error: no match for ‘operator>=’ in ‘a1 >= a2’_NEWLINE_}_NEWLINE_By invoking the rel_ops templates, one can assign a default meaning to the remaining relational operators. However, if a similar type-specific (i.e. non-template) operator exists in the current scope, even outside the class definition, the compiler will prefer it instead._NEWLINE_// (continued from above)#include <utility>using namespace std::rel_ops;// below operator supersedes rel_opsbool operator >=(const A& a1, const A& a2) {_NEWLINE_do_something_else();      // perform some distinguishing side-effect_NEWLINE_return !(a1 < a2);             // but otherwise use same procedure as rel_ops_NEWLINE_};void f2(const A& a1, const A& a2) {_NEWLINE_bool equal = (a1 == a2);         // uses operator == defined within class A_NEWLINE_bool not_equal = (a1 != a2);        // uses !(a1 == a2) per rel_ops_NEWLINE_bool less = (a1 < a2);           // uses operator  < defined within class A_NEWLINE_bool greater = (a1 > a2);           // uses (a2 < a1) per rel_ops_NEWLINE_bool less_equal = (a1 <= a2);       // uses !(a2 < a1) per rel_ops_NEWLINE_bool greater_equal = (a1 >= a2); // uses global operator >= defined above_NEWLINE_}_NEWLINE_One could of course declare the following in tandem with rel_ops, allowing the derivation of all relational operators from <:_NEWLINE_template <class _Tp> inline bool operator ==(const _Tp& __x, const _Tp& __y) { return !(__x < __y || __y < __x);  }
640×400 @ 70 Hz is traditionally the video mode used for booting most VGA-compatible x86 personal computers which show a graphical boot screen (text-mode boot uses 720×400 @ 70 Hz). This convention has been eroded in recent years, however, with POST and BIOS screens moving to higher, and often automatically adapted resolutions dependent on the connected monitor (800x600 as a minimum, but 1024x768, 1280x800, 1440x900 and 1920x1080 are not unknown), taking advantage of EDID data and vector or other resizable graphics, along with use of PS/2 or USB mouse detection instead of relying on keyboard alone, to provide a visual experience much closer to that of a fully booted operating system. Should the detection fail, however, or the user cancel the high-quality graphics (either temporarily with a keyboard shortcut, or permanently via a BIOS setting), the old standard mode is generally reasserted._NEWLINE_640×480 @ 60 Hz is the default Windows graphics mode (usually with 16 colors), up to Windows 2000. It remains an option in XP and later versions via the boot menu "low resolution video" option and per-application compatibility mode settings, despite Windows now defaulting to 1024x768 (and then only when running the default universal video driver and/or unable to detect the connected display's native resolution) and generally not allowing any resolution below 800x600 to be set. The need for such a low-quality, universally compatible fallback has diminished since the turn of the millennium, as VGA-signalling-standard screens or adaptors unable to show anything beyond the original resolutions have become increasingly rare, and are now most likely to be employed for specialist uses by enthusiasts - for example, arcade cabinet gaming PC conversions, or driving pico-projectors from wearable computers - instead of blithely connected up as a main desktop display by an unsuspecting casual user; however, as it retains such niche utility, the ability to deliberately set it (and indexed 16 or 256 colour modes besides, instead of now-normal 16/24/32-bit direct colour), nowadays as a special rather than default mode, has been preserved._NEWLINE_320×200 @ 70 Hz is the most common mode for VGA-era PC games, using exactly the same timings as the 640×400 mode, but halving the pixel rate (and, in 256-color mode, doubling the bit-depth of each pixel) and displaying each line of pixels twice._NEWLINE_The actual timings vary slightly from the defined standard. For example, for 640×480 @ 60 Hz, a 25.17 µs active video time with a pixel frequency of 25.175 MHz gives 634 pixels, rather than the expected 640. Given the similarity of the frequency and line length, this may be due to typographical errors that were never detected or corrected; at the standard clock (equal to 39.722ns per pixel), the correct nominal active period should instead be 25.422µs. Otherwise, if the spec were true, that would imply a faster 39.328ns / 25.427 MHz dot clock. Further examination of the other timing details (e.g. checking if the line period/frequency and refresh rate are still correct, the total pixel or line count when active plus front/back porch and sync pulse times are added together) may better reveal where and how the discrepancy was introduced, as the master clock and fundamental dividers are well known and provide an easy reference to compare any other claim against.
VGA adapters usually support both monochrome and color modes, though the monochrome mode is almost never used, and support for the full set of MDA text mode attributes (intense, underline) is often missing. Black and white text on nearly all modern VGA adapters is drawn by using gray colored text on a black background in color mode. VGA monochrome monitors intended primarily for text were sold, but most of them will work at least adequately with a VGA adapter in color mode. Occasionally, a faulty connection between a modern monitor and video card will cause the VGA part of the card to detect the monitor as monochrome; this will cause the BIOS and initial boot sequence to appear in greyscale. Usually, once the video card's drivers are loaded (for example, by continuing to boot into the operating system), they will override this detection and the monitor will return to color.
In May 2011 HMV Group announced the sale of Waterstones to A&NN Capital Fund Management, a fund controlled by Russian businessman Alexander Mamut for £53 million. The takeover was welcomed by publishers as "a step forward to re-establishing a proper physical presence". On 29 June 2011, the sale of Waterstones was completed and approved by the vast majority of shareholders at an emergency general meeting. Mamut appointed James Daunt, founder of Daunt Books, as managing director and a Board of Directors was announced in October 2011 including Miranda Curtis as Chairman. In September 2011, the bookseller announced that it intended to drop its 3-for-2 deal on books after a decade. The offer was replaced with a 'bespoke offer', based on branches choosing their own pricing structures from available discounts._NEWLINE_In January 2012, the company announced that it would be moving away from the branding developed in 2010 by agency VentureThree, and reverting to its original logo. This involved the removal of the apostrophe from its name, saying it would be "a more versatile and practical spelling". This decision received media coverage, in which the company was subject to criticism. John Richards, of the Apostrophe Protection Society, said that the change was "just plain wrong" and "grammatically incorrect" while the move sparked outrage on Twitter, involving debate on whether the move was grammatically incorrect or not. James Daunt expressed that "Waterstones without an apostrophe is, in a digital world of URLs and email addresses, a more versatile and practical spelling". Linguist David Crystal on his blog added: " ... if Waterstone's wants to become Waterstones, that's up to the firm. It's nothing to do with expressing possession or plurality or anything to do with meaning."_NEWLINE_In the same month, Waterstones confirmed plans to open a Russian language bookshop in its Piccadilly branch, intending to stock 5000 titles with the shop being entirely staffed of Russian-speaking booksellers. The concession, named The Russian Bookshop, opened in March 2012._NEWLINE_Following a decision in late-2011 to scrap an e-reading offer in-branch, it was announced in May 2012 that Waterstones would be selling the Amazon Kindle across its estate. James Daunt launched the new agreement with Amazon stating that Waterstones would be offering "e-reading services and offer Kindle digital devices" throughout the company's branches and on its website, with an intention to "make the Kindle experience better". This announcement was received with surprise across the book industry as it had been suggested that Waterstones was developing a partnership with Barnes & Noble to launch the Nook in the UK, or that the company was developing its own device, but Daunt "ultimately rejected" other avenues as Waterstones "would have been out of the market" before their implementation._NEWLINE_It was also announced in May 2012 that the company would begin a refurbishment plan, with Mamut "investing tens of millions of pounds" to fund the refit of a planned 100 shops before the end of the year. The plan saw the introduction of wi-fi into shops, reorganisation of shop sections and space dedicated areas for Kindle devices, and a number of own-brand coffee shops called Café W. The Café W brand was trialled in the Sutton branch, with an expressed aim for around 130 shops over a 3-year period to be fitted with a café. The announcement also noted the introduction of a 'click-and-collect' service._NEWLINE_The Amazon Kindle officially launched in-branch on 25 October 2012 with an "outdoor and press advertising campaign" promoting the launch, with the Kindle Fire and Kindle Paperwhite model going on sale for the first time in the UK along with older models. The Kindles were tailored with Waterstones screensavers, which led to some complaints and customers attempting to return their devices. The release of the Kindle coincided with a relaunch of the company's brand in the same month, pushing the message that the chain was the 'nation's leading bookshop' and producing an exclusive anthology, the Waterstones Red Anthology, to help promote the shops._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_By the end of 2012, the Waterstones estate had shrunk to 288 shops, with "commercial reasons" given for the closure of branches in Bromsgrove, Stevenage, Watford, Fleet Street, High Holborn and Epsom among others, with staff being redeployed where possible. In 2012, Daunt stated that future expansion was being considered, based on the performance of the company. The accounts for the year to 2012 showed Waterstones, prior- and post-acquisition had made losses of £37.3 million_NEWLINE_ Started in 2012 was an overhaul of the company's business strategy, with centralised decision making giving way to shop-based decisions and a renewed emphasis on traditional bookselling techniques. Waterstones embarked on a major restructuring of staffing levels, with a company-wide consultation with 560 managerial staff to subsequently reduce roles within the company. This consultation led to Head Office staff departures and around 200 branch and regional managers leaving their posts. Waterstones launched a number of new partnerships through the year, including with the University of Derby to launch a professional qualification programme for its staff, with the Folio Society to extend customer reach and stock selection in London-based bookshops, and partnering with a new charity, BookTrust. By the end of 2013, Waterstones had cut its losses to £12.2 million, opened 12 further Café W and embarked on a capital investment in its shop portfolio of £29.5 million._NEWLINE_In 2014, the opened new shops in Ringwood, Blackburn and Southwold, its first branch to be without Waterstones branding, as well as closing shops in Eastleigh and St Neots. Continued business strategy change saw further departures from Head Office in brand communication and PR and a renewed agency contract for Waterstones’ digital marketing with Epiphany. The retailer overhauled its business technology with new algorithms on its website to help personalise the online shopping experience, updated point-of-sale IT and by introducing contactless payment in its shops. The retailer partnered with Airbnb to hold a one-off ‘sleepover’ for customers in its Piccadilly branch in October 2014 after a customer was accidentally trapped in the Trafalgar Square branch after closing. Accounts for 2014 saw operating income losses narrow to £3.8 million, but sales slip by 5.9%._NEWLINE_The ongoing strategic changes made to the way the business operates included the decision in October 2015, after 3 years on sale in shops, to remove the Kindle from its offer following "pitiful" sales and handing the retail space over to books. This was followed, after a failed attempt to buy Blinkbox books from Tesco in January 2015, with Waterstones announcing it had sold its ebook business to Rakuten Kobo Inc. in May 2016, subsequently directing customers who had purchased eBooks through the retailer to access their ebooks via Kobo's eBook site. This sale represented an exit from the eBook and eReader market for Waterstones after 8 years and multiple platforms._NEWLINE_The company partnered with Oxfam in 2015 to raise £1 million for those impacted by the Syrian civil war crisis through a nationwide campaign called ‘Buy Books for Syria’. Further changes to shops were made in 2015, with the closure of Wimbledon and Birmingham New Street, the opening of The Rye Bookshop and a return to Welwyn Garden City. The company reported an operating income of £5.4 million and a further narrowing of losses to £4.5 million from £18.8 million the previous year._NEWLINE_In a 2016 interview with Daunt, he stated that Amazon "defines how Waterstones acts" and while Waterstones could not compete with the internet retailer digitally, it could offer a credible alternative, believing there was "a future in physical bookselling."  Waterstones continued to look at "fixing the basics" during 2016, such as adjusting shop opening hours and harnessing data from the loyalty card as well as refurbishment of physical shops, including the Canterbury branch, and work on its e-commerce routes through improvements to product ranking. Shops in Oxford Street Plaza, Edinburgh George Street, and Reading Oracle were closed, Harpenden Books, Glasgow Fort,  Tottenham Court Road were opened  and Wimbledon and Watford were reopened in new sites. The newly opened shops benefitted from a refreshed brand look, widely welcomed by the book trade. The retailer renewed its partnership with Oxfam to continue to raise money for the Syrian crisis, donating £5 for each ‘Book of the Month’ sold in-shop during November 2016. Daunt made public his concern that the UK EU referendum was likely to impact on company sales due to an expected retail downturn following a ‘no’ vote. He later noted that sales had remained ‘buoyant’ following the decision to leave the EU, but remained pessimistic for the future._NEWLINE_Accounts show that Waterstones made its first profit in 7 years of £11.7 million in the year ending April 2016. This included increased profits in Ireland, with sales rising 7% over the year,  with the company expressing a desire to open more shops in Ireland. The management board was reduced from 7 members to 3 in August 2016, with the departure of Miranda Curtis and a statement that the future composition was under review. Waterstones announced it had raised £300,000 for BookTrust in 3 years since partnering, and would continue the partnership for a fourth year._NEWLINE_In April 2018, hedge fund Elliott Management Corporation bought a majority stake in the company, leaving Alexander Mamut's Lynwood Investments with a minority holding. The sale completed in early June 2018. Daunt remained as chief executive.
The underlying patent behind the Qi standard is US6436299B1.  On Page 16 the said patent mandates that both the receiver and transmitter be tuned to 100 kHz, for best results and maximum power transfer. This has been the underlying principle behind the Qi standard to date, and all proposed receivers needed to comply with that to received approval by WPC. WPC implicitly assumes that the final result of this "double resonator" approach was a single resonant peak for the entire coupled system, also fixed at 100 kHz, irrespective of load or coupling. The entire control algorithm of Qi is based around this basic assumption. But that assumption was first contested by well-known author Sanjaya Maniktala in a seminar in 2014, and shortly thereafter by Stephen Terry from Texas Instruments in 2015. Stephen Terry's presentation clearly states that the resonant frequency will shift to 140 kHz typically, at high loads, not remain fixed at 100 kHz as had been assumed by WPC. Stephen Terry's presentation disappeared from the WPC website from where it was originally downloaded. The problem with the resonant peak splitting and shifting as coupling increases, hitherto unknown or unrecognized by the Wireless Power Consortium, is also pointed out on the Wikipedia page of Wireless power transfer with multiple citations: "A drawback of resonant coupling theory is that at close ranges when the two resonant circuits are tightly coupled, the resonant frequency of the system is no longer constant but "splits" into two resonant peaks, so the maximum power transfer no longer occurs at the original resonant frequency and the oscillator frequency must be tuned to the new resonance peak." This has reportedly contributed to the reported "alignment concerns" of Qi, and propelled the creation of a smart resonant peak tracking software by a California-based company called ChargEdge.
X/Open Company, Ltd., originally the Open Group for Unix Systems, was a consortium founded by several European UNIX systems manufacturers in 1984 to identify and promote open standards in the field of information technology. More specifically, the original aim was to define a single specification for operating systems derived from UNIX, to increase the interoperability of applications and reduce the cost of porting software. Its original members were Bull, ICL, Siemens, Olivetti, and Nixdorf—a group sometimes referred to as BISON. Philips and Ericsson joined soon afterwards, at which point the name X/Open was adopted._NEWLINE_The group published its specifications under the name X/Open Portability Guide (or XPG). Issue 1 covered basic operating system interfaces, and was published within a year of the group's formation. Issue 2 followed in 1987, and extended the coverage to include Internationalization, Terminal Interfaces, Inter-Process Communication, and the programming languages C, COBOL, FORTRAN, and Pascal, as well as data access interfaces for SQL and ISAM. In many cases these were profiles of existing international standards._NEWLINE_XPG3 followed in 1988, its primary focus being convergence with the POSIX operating system specifications. This was probably the most widely used and influential deliverable of the X/Open organisation._NEWLINE_By 1990 the group had expanded to 21 members: in addition to the original five, Philips and Nokia from Europe; AT&T Corporation, Digital, Unisys, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, NCR, Sun Microsystems, Prime Computer, Apollo Computer from North America; Fujitsu, Hitachi, and NEC from Japan; plus the Open Software Foundation and Unix International._NEWLINE_X/Open managed the UNIX trademark from 1993 to 1996, when it merged with the Open Software Foundation to form The Open Group._NEWLINE_X/Open was also responsible for the XA protocol for heterogeneous distributed transaction processing, which was released in 1991.
The X/Open Portability Guide is a standard for UNIX systems originally published by X/Open Company Ltd. Based on the AT&T System V Interface Definition, it has a wider scope than POSIX, which is only concerned with direct operating system interfaces._NEWLINE_The Portability Guide specifies a Common Application Environment (CAE) intended to allow portability of applications across operating systems. The primary aim was compatibility between different vendors' implementations of UNIX, though some vendors also implemented the standards on non-UNIX platforms. The XPG3 and XPG4 standards, released in 1989 and 1992 respectively, define all aspects of the operating system, programming languages and protocols which compliant systems should have._NEWLINE_The last version of the XPG, the X/Open Portability Guide Issue 4 (also known as the Common Applications Environment Specification Issue 4 (CAE4)), was published in July 1992 by The Open Group. The Single UNIX Specification was based on the XPG4 standard.
The story of Yayāti appears in the nineteenth chapter of book nine of the Bhagavata Purana._NEWLINE_Yayāti's father, Nahusha is transformed into a python by a curse uttered by the sages as punishment for his arrogance. Yayāti's elder brother, Yati, is initially given the kingdom, but turns it down and instead becomes an ascetic. Yayāti then becomes king in his place and prospers so greatly that he is able to conquer the whole world. He appoints his four younger brothers to rule the world's cardinal directions._NEWLINE_One day Sharmishtha, daughter of the Danava king Vrishparva and Devayani, daughter of the Daitya sage Shukracharya, go with Sharmishtha's retinue to bathe in a forest pool not far from their home. After bathing, Sharmishtha confuses Devayani's sari with hers and puts it on instead. Devayani returns, scolds Sharmishtha for her mistake and belittles her with the jibe that she is the daughter of Shukracharya (Shukracharya being a sage and high priest and indeed the guru of all the Asuras - no mere employee) as Vrishparva's and their Kingdom lives on his blessings. This slur on herself and her father Vrishparva infuriates Sharmishtha. With the help of her servants, Sharmishtha throws the naked Devayani into a well and leaves the forest with her retinue. Later Yayāti, son of Nahusha, comes to the well for water and helps Devayani to climb out of it. _NEWLINE_Devayani resolves to make Sharmishtha her servant in revenge for trying to kill her by throwing her into the well. Sharmishtha's father,  Vrishparva agrees to this, since he fears that the continued security of his kingdom would be in doubt without the sage counsel of Devayani's father Shukracharya. Sharmishtha also agrees to this to save the kingdom and becomes Devayani's maidservant._NEWLINE_Some days later Devayani goes on a picnic in the forest with her servants (including Sharmishtha). There she again meets Yayāti, who is out hunting. Yayāti finds himself attracted by Sharmishtha's beauty, asks Devayani about her. Devayani observed this, introduced Sharmishtha as her slave and also claimed that he should become her husband as he has held her hand while helping her out of the well._NEWLINE_Yayāti fears Shukracharya, and tells Devayani that he will marry her only if his father agrees. Yayāti presumed that it is not Dharma for a King to marry a Brahmin girl._NEWLINE_This time she brings him to her father and tells him that she would like to marry Yayāti. Shukracharya gives his consent and tells Yayāti that he should take care of Sharmishtha too (as she is a princess, by birth) although he shouldn't maintain a physical relationship with her. Yayāti marries Devayani and looks after her well._NEWLINE_After a long while, Sharmishtha comes to Yayāti and requests him to give her a child. He refuses and says that, if he were to do so, he could not face the wrath of Shukracharya. Nevertheless, Sharmishtha manages finally to convince him, saying that it would be against Dharma if he were to refuse her request; he being the king, it is his responsibility to ensure the needs of the citizens and she is desperate to have a child. He reluctantly agrees and they begin a relationship, in the hopes that she will conceive. In due course, Devayani gives birth to two sons Yadu and Turvasu while Sharmishtha begets three sons Druhyu, Anu and Puru._NEWLINE_Eventually Devayani learns of her husband's affair with Sharmishtha and complains to her father. Enraged at his son-in-law's disobedience, Shukracharya curses Yayāti with premature old age in punishment for inflicting such pain upon his daughter. However on learning Sharmishta's desire to become a mother, he later relents, telling Yayāti that if he can persuade one of his (Yayāti's) sons to swap ages with him he will be able to escape the curse and regain his lost youth for a while. Yayāti asks his sons if one of them will give up his youth to rejuvenate his father, but all refuse except the youngest, Puru (one of his sons by Sharmishtha). In grateful recognition of Puru's filial devotion, Yayāti makes him his legitimate heir and it is from the line of Puru - later King Puru - that the 'Kuru vamsha' (Kuru dynasty) later arises._NEWLINE_In the words of the story, Yayāti enjoys all the pleasures of the senses 'for a thousand years' and, by experiencing passion to the full, comes to realise its utter futility, saying:  "Know this for certain... not all the food, wealth and women of the world can appease the lust of a single man of uncontrolled senses. Craving for sense-pleasures is not removed but aggravated by indulgence even as ghee poured into fire increases it....One who aspires to peace and happiness should instantly renounce craving and seek instead that which neither grows old, nor ceases - no matter how old the body may become."  Having found wisdom by following the road of excess, Yayāti gratefully returns the youth of his son Puru and takes back his old age in return, renouncing the world to spend his remaining days as a forest ascetic. His spiritual practices are, at long last, blessed with success and, alone in the deep woods, he is rewarded with ascension to svarga - the heavenly realm of the righteous, ruled by Indra, that is but one step below the ultimate liberation of moksha.
Zeno (after pre-Socratic Greek philosopher Zeno of Elea) is an imperative procedural programming language designed to be easy to learn and user friendly. Zeno is generic in the sense that it contains most of the essential elements used in other languages to develop real applications._NEWLINE_The Zeno Interpreter was designed for use in Windows 95 and later Microsoft operating systems. The interpreter comes with built-in debugging tools, a source code text editor, and an on-line language reference. _NEWLINE_Zeno was created by Stephen R. Schmitt and is maintained by Abecedarical Systems.
Javanese has a strong historical bond with the Hindu tradition and Sanskrit liturgical language. Śarīra is also used in Archaic (Kawi) Javanese, preserving its original meaning of 'body' or 'human body'. The word also finds its way into the modern Javanese language as "slira" with the same meaning. "Sliramu" (strictly translated as 'your body') and "sliraku" (strictly translated as 'my body') are usually used in poems or songs to replace "you" and "I", respectively. The word is not common but is used in both oral and written contexts.
The division was initially assigned in October 1939 to the 21st Army to provide security services in Guangdong province in the wake of Imperial Army's Canton Operation. On 9 February 1940 the 21st Army was dissolved and 38th Division was reassigned to South Army. On 28 June 1941 the South Army was also dissolved and the 38th Division was incorporated into the 23rd Army._NEWLINE_The division saw heavy action during the Pacific campaign of World War II. Initially, the division participated in conquest of Hong Kong in 1941. On 4 January 1942, the 38th Division was assigned to the 16th Army and its 230th Infantry Regiment (converted for this occasion into the 3rd mixed regiment) took part in the Battle of Java (1942). In November 1942 the 3rd Battalion of the 229th Infantry Regiment was sent to participate in the New Guinea campaign, where by January 1943 it was completely decimated following multiple engagements on the island chain. The remnants of the division fell back to Rabaul after these losses and took part in the fortification of the port. From October 1942 to February 1943, the rest of 38th Division also took heavy losses in the Guadalcanal Campaign and was thereafter assigned to the defense of the New Georgia, the Admiralty Islands, New Britain, and New Ireland occupational garrisons until the end of the war. In particular, the 229th Infantry Regiment participated in the New Georgia Campaign from June – October 1943. The majority of the 38th Division capitulated after the surrender of Japan on 15 August 1945 in Rabaul._NEWLINE_The division's soldiers were accused of committing war crimes during their operations in the Pacific theater.  One of the division's senior officers, Takeo Itō, was convicted of war crimes by an Allied military tribunal after the war.
An active appearance model (AAM) is a computer vision algorithm for matching a statistical model of object shape and appearance to a new image. They are built during a training phase. A set of images, together with coordinates of landmarks that appear in all of the images, is provided to the training supervisor._NEWLINE_The model was first introduced by Edwards, Cootes and Taylor in the context of face analysis at the 3rd International Conference on Face and Gesture Recognition, 1998. Cootes, Edwards and Taylor further described the approach as a general method in computer vision at the European Conference on Computer Vision in the same year. The approach is widely used for matching and tracking faces and for medical image interpretation._NEWLINE_The algorithm uses the difference between the current estimate of appearance and the target image to drive an optimization process._NEWLINE_By taking advantage of the least squares techniques, it can match to new images very swiftly._NEWLINE_It is related to the active shape model (ASM). One disadvantage of ASM is that it only uses shape constraints (together with some information about the image structure near the landmarks), and does not take advantage of all the available information – the texture across the target object. This can be modelled using an AAM.
In computing, the alias method is a family of efficient algorithms for sampling from a discrete probability distribution, due to A. J. Walker. That is, it returns integer values 1 ≤ i ≤ n according to some arbitrary probability distribution pᵢ.  The algorithms typically use O(n log n) or O(n) preprocessing time, after which random values can be drawn from the distribution in O(1) time.
AlphaGo versus Fan Hui was a five-game Go match between European champion Fan Hui, a 2-dan (out of 9 dan possible) professional, and AlphaGo, a computer Go program developed by DeepMind, held at DeepMind's headquarters in London in October 2015. AlphaGo won all the five games. This was the first time a computer Go program had beaten a professional human player on a full-sized board without handicap. This match was not disclosed to the public until 27 January 2016 to coincide with the publication of a paper in the journal Nature describing the algorithms AlphaGo used._NEWLINE_Fan described the program as "very strong and stable, it seems like a wall. ... I know AlphaGo is a computer, but if no one told me, maybe I would think the player was a little strange, but a very strong player, a real person."
Android Oreo adds support for Neighborhood Aware Networking (NAN) for Wi-Fi based on Wi-Fi Aware, Bluetooth 5, wide color gamuts in apps, an API for autofillers, multiprocess and Google Browsing support for WebViews, an API to allow system-level integration for VoIP apps, and launching activities on remote displays. Android Runtime (ART) features performance improvements. Android Oreo contains additional limits on apps' background activities in order to improve battery life. Apps can specify "adaptive icons" for differently-shaped containers specified by themes, such as circles, squares, and squircles._NEWLINE_Android Oreo supports new emoji that were included in the Unicode 10 standard. A new emoji font was also introduced, which notably redesigns its face figures to use a traditional circular shape, as opposed to the "blob" design that was introduced on KitKat._NEWLINE_The underlying architecture of Android was revised so that low-level, vendor-specific code for supporting a device's hardware can be separated from the Android OS framework using a hardware abstraction layer known as the "vendor interface". Vendor interfaces must be made forward compatible with future versions of Android. This new architecture, called Project Treble, allows the quicker development and deployment of Android updates for devices, as vendors would only need to make the necessary modifications to their bundled software. All devices shipping with Oreo must support a vendor interface, but this feature is optional for devices being updated to Oreo from an earlier version. The "seamless updates" system introduced in Android 7.0 was also modified to download update files directly to the system partition, rather than requiring them to be downloaded to the user partition first. This reduces storage space requirements for system updates._NEWLINE_Android Oreo introduces a new automatic repair system known as "Rescue Party"; if the operating system detects that core system components are persistently crashing during startup, it will automatically perform a series of escalating repair steps. If all automatic repair steps are exhausted, the device will reboot into recovery mode and offer to perform a factory reset._NEWLINE_The Android 8.1 update also introduces a neural network API, which is designed to "[provide] apps with hardware acceleration for on-device machine learning operations." This API is designed for use with machine learning platforms such as TensorFlow Lite, and specialized co-processors such as the Pixel Visual Core (featured in Google's Pixel 2 smartphones, but dormant until 8.1 is installed), but it also provides a CPU fallback mode.
A tailored distribution for low-end devices known as Android Go was unveiled for Oreo; it is intended for devices with 1 GB of RAM or less. This mode has platform optimizations designed to reduce mobile data usage (including enabling Data Saver mode by default), and a special suite of Google Mobile Services designed to be less resource- and bandwidth-intensive. The Google Play Store would also highlight lightweight apps suited for these devices. The operating system's interface is also modified, with the quick settings panel providing greater prominence to information regarding the battery, mobile data limit, and available storage, the recent apps menu using a modified layout and being limited to four apps (in order to reduce RAM consumption), and an API for allowing mobile carriers to implement data tracking and top-ups within the Android settings menu. Google Play Services was also modularized to reduce its memory footprint._NEWLINE_Android Go was made available to OEMs for Android 8.1.
Android Oreo re-brands automatic scanning of Google Play Store and sideloaded apps as "Google Play Protect", and gives the feature, as well as Find My Device (formerly Android Device Manager) higher prominence in the Security menu of the Settings app. As opposed to a single, system-wide setting for enabling the installation of apps from sources outside of the Google Play Store, this function is now implemented as a permission that can be granted to individual apps (i.e. clients for third-party app repositories such as Amazon Appstore and F-Droid). A verified boot now includes a "Rollback Protection" feature, which enforces a restriction on rolling back the device to a previous version of Android, aimed at preventing a potential thief from bypassing security measures by installing a previous version of the operating system that doesn't have them in place.
Elisabethpol Governorate consisted of Elisabethpol, Nukha, Shusha, Zangezur, Kazakh, Areshsky, Jabrayil and Javanshir Uyezds. Aresh uyezd was located in the northeastern part of Elisabethpol Governorate, on the banks of Kura River, bordering Baku Governorate on the east, Nukhinsky Uyezd on the north, Elisabethpol Uyezd on the west and Shusha Uyezd on the southwest. The area of the uyezd was 2822.9 square verst. The territory of the uyezd was mainly made up of lowlands. The uyezd center was first in Uchkovakh, then in Agdash which was considered the largest cotton-trading center in the lowlands of Transcaucasus.
Dr. Saxena received his Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur in 2004. In 2009, with artificial intelligence pioneer Andrew Ng as his advisor, Saxena received both his M.S. and Ph.D. in Computer Science with an emphasis on Artificial Intelligence from Stanford University.
In 2003, Ashutosh began his career as a Research Intern for Bose Corporation where he developed Mathematical models that use electronic circuits to engineer better speakers. Once Ashutosh completed his undergraduate degree, he became a Researcher at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization where he developed algorithmic models for medical devices. From 2010 to 2013, Dr. Saxena was the Chief Scientist of New-York based Holopad, where he worked with Steven Spielberg's team to create walkthroughs and 3D experiences for his movie TinTin._NEWLINE_Before Caspar, Saxena pursued other entrepreneurial ventures, such as ZunaVision, an artificial intelligence startup he co-founded with Andrew Ng that uses AI to assign advertising space within videos. Ashutosh served as the CTO of ZunaVision from 2008 to 2010. After ZunaVision, Saxena co-founded Cognical Zibby, which provided financing solutions to nonprime and underbanked consumers powered by artificial intelligence. From 2014 to 2016, Dr. Saxena served as the Director of the RoboBrain project, which was a joint venture that he started between Stanford University, Cornell University, Brown University, and the University of California, Berkeley that made a knowledge engine for robots._NEWLINE_Dr. Saxena co-founded Caspar.AI in 2015 with Professor David Cheriton, who serves as Chief Scientist. Ashutosh has been recognized for his work by receiving the Alfred P. Sloan Fellow in 2011, Google Faculty Research Award in 2012, Microsoft Faculty Fellowship in 2012, NSF Career award in 2013, One of the Eight Innovators to Watch by the Smithsonian Institution in 2015, and received TR35 Innovator Award by MIT Technology Review in 2018.
Dr. Saxena has authored over 100 published papers in the areas of machine Learning, robotics, and 3D computer vision. His work in the fields of computer vision and deep learning have been featured in press releases and academic journal reviews. Ashutosh's early work includes the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Robot (STAIR) and Make3D, which solved the problem of estimating depth from a single image, a problem that was once considered unsolvable in the field of computer vision. At Cornell University, Ashutosh led the Robot Learning Lab, which used a machine learning approach to train robots to perform tasks in human environments such as generalizing manipulation in 3D point-clouds where robots learn to transfer manipulation trajectories to novel objects utilizing a large sample of demonstrations from crowdsourcing.
Rabiner and Schafer in 1978 put forth an alternate solution that works in the time domain: attempt to find the period (or equivalently the fundamental frequency) of a given section of the wave using some pitch detection algorithm (commonly the peak of the signal's autocorrelation, or sometimes cepstral processing), and crossfade one period into another._NEWLINE_This is called time-domain harmonic scaling or the synchronized overlap-add method (SOLA) and performs somewhat faster than the phase vocoder on slower machines but fails when the autocorrelation mis-estimates the period of a signal with complicated harmonics (such as orchestral pieces)._NEWLINE_Adobe Audition (formerly Cool Edit Pro) seems to solve this by looking for the period closest to a center period that the user specifies, which should be an integer multiple of the tempo, and between 30 Hz and the lowest bass frequency._NEWLINE_This is much more limited in scope than the phase vocoder based processing, but can be made much less processor intensive, for real-time applications. It provides the most coherent results for single-pitched sounds like voice or musically monophonic instrument recordings._NEWLINE_High-end commercial audio processing packages either combine the two techniques (for example by separating the signal into sinusoid and transient waveforms), or use other techniques based on the wavelet transform, or artificial neural network processing, producing the highest-quality time stretching.
These techniques can also be used to transpose an audio sample while holding speed or duration constant.  This may be accomplished by time stretching and then resampling back to the original length.  Alternatively, the frequency of the sinusoids in a sinusoidal model may be altered directly, and the signal reconstructed at the appropriate time scale._NEWLINE_Transposing can be called frequency scaling or pitch shifting, depending on perspective._NEWLINE_For example, one could move the pitch of every note up by a perfect fifth, keeping the tempo the same._NEWLINE_One can view this transposition as "pitch shifting", "shifting" each note up 7 keys on a piano keyboard, or adding a fixed amount on the Mel scale, or adding a fixed amount in linear pitch space._NEWLINE_One can view the same transposition as "frequency scaling", "scaling" (multiplying) the frequency of every note by 3/2._NEWLINE_Musical transposition preserves the ratios of the harmonic frequencies that determine the sound's timbre, unlike the frequency shift performed by amplitude modulation, which adds a fixed frequency offset to the frequency of every note. (In theory one could perform a literal pitch scaling in which the musical pitch space location is scaled [a higher note would be shifted at a greater interval in linear pitch space than a lower note], but that is highly unusual, and not musical)._NEWLINE_Time domain processing works much better here, as smearing is less noticeable, but scaling vocal samples distorts the formants into a sort of Alvin and the Chipmunks-like effect, which may be desirable or undesirable._NEWLINE_A process that preserves the formants and character of a voice involves analyzing the signal with a channel vocoder or LPC vocoder plus any of several pitch detection algorithms and then resynthesizing it at a different fundamental frequency._NEWLINE_A detailed description of older analog recording techniques for pitch shifting can be found within the Alvin and the Chipmunks entry.
In Balerna about 64.2% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).       _NEWLINE_In Balerna there were a total of 563 students (as of 2009).  The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Balerna there were 97 children in kindergarten.  The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school.  In the municipality, 156 students attended the standard primary schools and 8 students attended the special school.  In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education.  There were 141 students in the two-year middle school, while 60 students were in the four-year advanced program.      _NEWLINE_The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college.  In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student).  There were 37 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 57 who attend part-time.       _NEWLINE_The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields.  There were 7 students in the professional program.  _NEWLINE_As of 2000, there were 201 students in Balerna who came from another municipality, while 149 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Ben-Gurion University has five faculties with 51 academic departments and units: Faculty of Engineering Sciences, Faculty of Health Sciences, Faculty of Natural Sciences, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences and the Guilford Glazer Faculty of Business and Management._NEWLINE_Ben-Gurion University has seven schools including the Kreitman School of Advanced Graduate Studies, the Joyce and Irving Goldman Medical School, the Leon and Mathilde Recanati School for Community Health Professions, the School of Pharmacy, the Inter-Faculty Brain Sciences School, the School for Medical Laboratory Sciences and the School of Continuing Medical Education._NEWLINE_Ben-Gurion University has eight research institutes including the Jacob Blaustein Institutes for Desert Research, the Ilse Katz Institute for Nanoscale Science and Technology, the Ben-Gurion Research Institute for the Study of Israel and Zionism, and Heksherim – The Research Institute for Jewish and Israeli Literature and Culture._NEWLINE_In 1978 Prof. Alfred Inselberg, then with the Faculty of Mathematics, together with Dr. Sam Bergman and Dr. Avraham Melkman initiated the Computer Science program which by 1982 had attracted more than 200 students. Notably, this was the first university program in Israel where students were taught Pascal, used terminals rather than punch-card machines and where the first Computer Graphics Laboratory in Israel was established. This was the genesis of Computer Science education at Ben-Gurion University which eventually led to a separate Department of Computer Science.
Myers received his BS degree in Computer Science and MS degree in Computer Science and Engineering under MIT in 1980, whilst simultaneously interning at Xerox Parc for his Master’s thesis. He then received his PhD in Computer Science from the University of Toronto in 1987.
The system consists of two parts, a Sharp Corporation 4-bit SM590 microcontroller in the console (the "lock") that checks the inserted cartridge for authentication, and a matching chip in the game cartridge (the "key") that gives the code upon demand. If the cartridge does not provide the authentication, then the CIC resets the CPU during every cycle until a game with the authorization chip is inserted. The constant resetting of the CPU stops the console from booting up._NEWLINE_The program used in the NES CIC is called 10NES and was patented under U.S. Patent 4,799,635. The source code is copyrighted; only Nintendo can produce the authorization chips. The patent covering the 10NES expired on January 24, 2006, although the copyright is still in effect for exact clones.  Compatible clones exist that use different code.
City College of Technology (CITYCOT) was established in 2012 as a branch university of Bosaso by Eng. Abdulhakim Husein Osman, the first Dean of computer science of the university of Bosaso,  and Jun 2016, the college becomes affiliated to university of Bosaso. _NEWLINE_CITYCOT is a leading career college in Somalia,  offering diploma programs and certificate courses in Business, information technology, Telecommunication and Health science.
Carol Reed was born in Putney, southwest London.  He was the son of actor-producer Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree and his mistress, Beatrice May Pinney, who later adopted the surname of Reed. He was educated at The King's School, Canterbury._NEWLINE_He embarked on an acting career while still in his late teens. A period in the theatrical company of the thriller writer Edgar Wallace followed, and Reed became his personal assistant in 1927. Apart from acting in a few Wallace derived films himself, Reed became involved in adapting his work for the screen during the day while he was a stage manager in the evenings. The connection with Wallace ended with his death in Hollywood during February 1932. Taken on by Basil Dean, Reed worked for his Associated Talking Pictures, successively for ATP as a dialogue director, second-unit director and then assistant director. His films in the later role working under Dean were Autumn Crocus, Lorna Doone and Loyalties and (with Thorold Dickinson) Java Head.
Even before Saint Anthony the Great (the "father of monasticism") went out into the desert, there were Christians who devoted their lives to ascetic discipline and striving to lead an evangelical life (i.e., in accordance with the teachings of the Gospel)._NEWLINE_As monasticism spread in the East from the hermits living in the deserts of Egypt to Palestine, Syria, and on up into Asia Minor and beyond, the sayings (apophthegmata) and acts (praxeis) of the Desert Fathers and Desert Mothers came to be recorded and circulated, first among their fellow monastics and then among the laity as well._NEWLINE_Among these earliest recorded accounts was the Paradise, by Palladius of Galatia, Bishop of Helenopolis (also known as the Lausiac History, after the prefect Lausus, to whom it was addressed). Saint Athanasius of Alexandria (whose Life of Saint Anthony the Great set the pattern for monastic hagiography), Saint Jerome, and other anonymous compilers were also responsible for setting down very influential accounts. Also of great importance are the writings surrounding the communities founded by Saint Pachomius, the father of cenobiticism, and his disciple Saint Theodore, the founder of the skete form of monasticism._NEWLINE_Among the first to set forth precepts for the monastic life was Saint Basil the Great, a man from a professional family who was educated in Caesarea, Constantinople, and Athens. Saint Basil visited colonies of hermits in Palestine and Egypt but was most strongly impressed by the organized communities developed under the guidance of Saint Pachomius. Saint Basil's ascetical writings set forth standards for well-disciplined community life and offered lessons in what became the ideal monastic virtue: humility._NEWLINE_Saint Basil wrote a series of guides for monastic life (the Lesser Asketikon the Greater Asketikon the Morals, etc.) which, while not "Rules" in the legalistic sense of later Western rules, provided firm indications of the importance of a single community of monks, living under the same roof, and under the guidance—and even discipline—of a strong abbot. His teachings set the model for Greek and Russian monasticism but had less influence in the Latin West._NEWLINE_Of great importance to the development of monasticism is the Saint Catherine's Monastery on Mount Sinai in Egypt. Here the Ladder of Divine Ascent was written by Saint John Climacus (c.600), a work of such importance that many Orthodox monasteries to this day read it publicly either during the Divine Services or in Trapeza during Great Lent._NEWLINE_At the height of the East Roman Empire, numerous great monasteries were established by the emperors, including the twenty "sovereign monasteries" on the Holy Mountain, an actual "monastic republic" wherein the entire country is devoted to bringing souls closer to God. In this milieu, the Philokalia was compiled._NEWLINE_As the Great Schism between East and West grew, conflict arose over misunderstandings about Hesychasm. Saint Gregory Palamas, bishop of Thessalonica, an experienced Athonite monk, defended Orthodox spirituality against the attacks of Barlaam of Calabria, and left numerous important works on the spiritual life.
The sultanate court lies near the modern day city of Cirebon on West Java's north coast. Throughout the 16th and 17th centuries, the sultanate thrived and became the region's centre of trade and commerce, as well as served as an Islamic learning and dissemination centre. The sultanate split into four royal houses, starting in 1677. Today there are four kratons (palaces) in Cirebon; Keraton Kasepuhan, Kraton Kanoman, Keraton Kacirebonan, and Keraton Keprabonan, each has its own lineage and all are the descendants and remnants of the Cirebon Sultanate._NEWLINE_According to the manuscript Purwaka Caruban Nagari, in 15th century Cirebon started as a small fishing village named Muara Jati. At that time the port of Muara Jati already attracted foreign traders. The port master at that time is Ki Gedeng Alang-Alang whose appointed by the king of Galuh kingdom located inland in Kawali, Ciamis. He moved the port to Lemahwungkuk, 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) southward. As the new settlement leader, Ki Gedeng Alang-Alang was bestowed the title "Kuwu Cerbon" (Cerbon village leader)._NEWLINE_A 15th century prince from Pajajaran, Prince Walangsungsang, converted to Islam, and was appointed as the Adipati (Duke) of Cirebon with the title Cakrabumi. He established the new kingdom of Cirebon and declared independence from Sunda and Galuh. The establishment of Cirebon Sultanate marked the first Islamic rule in Western Java, that grew from modest fishing village of Muara Jati to a busy port of Java northern coast. Cirebon grew as one of the independent sultanates under the leadership of Sunan Gunungjati, in the early 16th century. After the Sunda Kingdom collapsed, The Sultanates of Banten and Mataram fought control over Cirebon, which declared its allegiance to Sultan Agung of Mataram. But the later his grandson Amangkurat II ceded the city to the Dutch in the 1677. A treaty in 1705 saw the Cirebon area west of Cisanggarung River became a Dutch protectorate jointly administered by three sultans whose courts rivalled those of Central Java. The Dutch authorities later established the Cirebon Residence (Residentie Tjirebon) which composed of present-day Cirebon, Indramayu, and Kuningan._NEWLINE_During the time of the Dutch "Culture System" a flourishing trade in colonial cash crops attracted many Chinese entrepreneurs and the Chinese influence is still evident in the batik for which Cirebon is famous. Cirebon suffered a famine in 1844, apparently triggered by a combination of drought and the shift from subsistence agriculture to cash crops, particularly indigo and sugarcane, enforced by Dutch's Cultivation system.
Being on the border of Sundanese (i.e., West Java) and Javanese (i.e., Central Java) cultural regions, many of Cirebon's residents speak a dialect that is a mix of Sundanese and Javanese, known as Jawareh. It is thought that the word "Cirebon" derives from the Javanese word, caruban, meaning "mixed": a reference to the city's mix of Sundanese, Javanese, Chinese, and Arabic cultural elements. Alternatively, it could be derived from the Sundanese words "ci" (water or river) and "rebon" ("shrimp"). (Indeed, the main product of the city is fish including shrimp).
Cirebon itself is known as Grage in the Cirebon dialect of Javanese language, which came from the words "Negara Gede", meaning "Great Kingdom." As a port city, Cirebon attracts visitors and settlers from elsewhere in Indonesia and from other nations as well. Cirebon culture was described as Java Pasisiran (coastal) culture, similar to the cultures of Banten, Pekalongan, and Semarang, with notable mixtures of Sundanese, Chinese, Arabic-Islamic, and European influences.
The Tari Topeng Cirebon, or Cirebon mask dance, is a dance style peculiar to the city. Topeng Cirebon mask dance, inspired by Javanese Panji cycles is one of notable Cirebon traditional dance and quite famous within Indonesian dances._NEWLINE_Cirebon culture is also influenced by Islamic Middle Eastern culture, such as the Burokan tradition where people exhibit the image of buraq — traditionally made from bamboo frame and paper skin, or other materials — in processions around the village accompanied with music. The traditions of the bamboo statues borne in these processions is similar to Sundanese Sisingaan, Betawi Ondel-ondel, or Balinese Ogoh-ogoh processions, yet differ in their Islamic theme. Burokan are usually held during festive occasions such as circumcision or marriage, and are accompanied by popular Cirebon folk songs, such as tarling.'_NEWLINE_Tarling is a musical tradition reminiscent of Bandung's kecapi suling music with except that it features guitar, suling (bamboo flute) and voice. The name derived from gitar (guitar), and suling (flute).
Cirebon City economy is influenced by its strategic geographical location and by the characteristics of natural resources.  Thus, the structure of its economy is dominated by manufacturing, trade, hotels and restaurants, transport and communications and service sectors. Tomé Pires in the Suma Oriental around the year 1513 mentioned Cirebon was one of the trade centers on the island of Java. After Cirebon was taken over by the Dutch East Indies government in 1859, it was designated as a transit port for import-export goods and as a communications route to the political control center for the region in the interior of Java._NEWLINE_Until 2001, the economic contribution to the City of Cirebon was characterized by processing industry (41.32%),_NEWLINE_followed by trade, hotels and restaurants (29.8%), transport and communications sector (13.56%), and services sector (6.06%). Other sectors (9.26%) included mining, agriculture, construction, electricity, and gas. Aside from fishery, its harbour, Tanjung Emas, on the Java Sea has been a major hub for timber from Borneo._NEWLINE_Cakrabhuwana Airport in Penggung, Harjamukti subdistrict also serves the TNI-AU. The city lies on Jalur Pantura (Pantai Utara Jawa), a major road on the northern coast of Java that stretches from Anyer, passes through Jakarta, and ends at Surabaya.
The Port of Cirebon was established by the Dutch in 1865, principally as an export point for spices, sugar cane and raw materials from West Java. Warehouses and open storage areas were developed by 1890, and a British American Tobacco cigarette factory was built in the early 20th century._NEWLINE_Port activity is dominated by bulk imports of coal, liquid asphalt and vegetable oils for the West Java hinterland. Until 2002, the port also catered for minor container trade and cruise shipping. In 2006 the port handled 3.27 million metric tons (MT) of trade, more than 90 percent as imports from others Indonesian ports.
The main boulevard is Jalan Siliwangi. It runs from the train station to the canal via the Pasar Pagi ("Morning Market"). Then the street becomes Jalan Karanggetas along which are most of Cirebon's banks, restaurants, and hotels.  There are a number of historic buildings and other key sites in Cirebon, some of them in an advanced state of decay. These include the buildings of the several kratons, the Sang Cipta Rasa Grand Mosque, and the Gua Sunyaragi Park._NEWLINE_Wali Songo, especially Sunan Gunung Jati, is known to have influenced the city's history. Sunan Gunung Jati's grave is located several kilometres outside the city in the Gunung Jati district.  There are two temples and a cave system built by two Chinese architects around the 1880s, decorated by Chinese and Western porcelain. The village of Trusmi, about five kilometers outside of Cirebon, has been noted for batik production. Plangon is a habitat of monkeys._NEWLINE_Mt Ceremai, the highest peak in West Java, is a large volcano situated about 40 km (25 mi) to the south of Cirebon. Parks and other tourist spots on the slopes of Mt Ceremai are popular places for groups from Cirebon to visit during weekends to escape from the hotter climate on the coast. The village of Linggajati, near the town of Cilimus, (where the Linggadjati Agreement was signed)  is one such place.  Public transportation brings tourists and visitors here.
Cognitive description is a term used in psychology to describe the cognitive workings of the human mind._NEWLINE_A cognitive description specifies what information is utilized during a cognitive action, how this information is processed and transformed, what data structures are used, and what behaviour is generated.
In the post-war era, Vannevar Bush's differential analyser, John von Neumann's cellular automata, Norbert Wiener's cybernetics, and Claude Shannon's information theory became influential paradigms for modeling and understanding complexity in technical systems. In response, scientists in disciplines such as physics, biology, electronics, and economics began to articulate a general theory of systems in which all natural and physical phenomena are manifestations of interrelated elements in a system that has common patterns and properties. Following Émile Durkheim's call to analyze complex modern society sui generis, post-war structural functionalist sociologists such as Talcott Parsons seized upon these theories of systematic and hierarchical interaction among constituent components to attempt to generate grand unified sociological theories, such as the AGIL paradigm. Sociologists such as George Homans argued that sociological theories should be formalized into hierarchical structures of propositions and precise terminology from which other propositions and hypotheses could be derived and operationalized into empirical studies. Because computer algorithms and programs had been used as early as 1956 to test and validate mathematical theorems, such as the four color theorem, some scholars anticipated that similar computational approaches could "solve" and "prove" analogously formalized problems and theorems of social structures and dynamics.
Independent from developments in computational models of social systems, social network analysis emerged in the 1970s and 1980s from advances in graph theory, statistics, and studies of social structure as a distinct analytical method and was articulated and employed by sociologists like James S. Coleman, Harrison White, Linton Freeman, J. Clyde Mitchell, Mark Granovetter, Ronald Burt, and Barry Wellman. The increasing pervasiveness of computing and telecommunication technologies throughout the 1980s and 1990s demanded analytical techniques, such as network analysis and multilevel modeling, that could scale to increasingly complex and large data sets. The most recent wave of computational sociology, rather than employing simulations, uses network analysis and advanced statistical techniques to analyze large-scale computer databases of electronic proxies for behavioral data. Electronic records such as email and instant message records, hyperlinks on the World Wide Web, mobile phone usage, and discussion on Usenet allow social scientists to directly observe and analyze social behavior at multiple points in time and multiple levels of analysis without the constraints of traditional empirical methods such as interviews, participant observation, or survey instruments. Continued improvements in machine learning algorithms likewise have permitted social scientists and entrepreneurs to use novel techniques to identify latent and meaningful patterns of social interaction and evolution in large electronic datasets._NEWLINE_The automatic parsing of textual corpora has enabled the extraction of actors and their relational networks on a vast scale, _NEWLINE_turning textual data into network data.  The resulting networks, which can contain thousands of nodes, are then analysed by using tools from Network theory to identify the key actors, the key communities or parties, and general properties such as robustness or structural stability of the overall network, or centrality of certain nodes. This automates the approach introduced by quantitative narrative analysis, whereby subject-verb-object triplets are identified with pairs of actors linked by an action, or pairs formed by actor-object.
In order for the study of computational sociology to be effective, there has to be valuable innovations. These innovation can be of the form of new data analytics tools, better models and algorithms. The advent of such innovation will be a boon for the scientific community in large.
Coral 66 is a general-purpose programming language based on ALGOL 60, with some features from Coral 64, JOVIAL, and FORTRAN. It includes structured record types (as in Pascal) and supports the packing of data into limited storage (also as in Pascal). Like Edinburgh IMP it allows embedded assembler, and also offers good run-time checking and diagnostics. It is specifically intended for real-time and embedded applications and for use on computers with limited processing power, including those limited to fixed point arithmetic and those without support for dynamic storage allocation._NEWLINE_The language was an inter-service standard for British military programming, and was also widely adopted for civil purposes in the British control and automation industry. It was used to write software for both the Ferranti and GEC computers from 1971 onwards. Implementations also exist for the Interdata 8/32, PDP-11, VAX, Alpha platforms and HP Integrity servers; for the Honeywell, and for the Computer Technology Limited (CTL, later ITL) Modular-1; as well as for SPARC running Solaris and Intel running Linux._NEWLINE_A variant of Coral 66 was developed during the late 1970s/early 1980s by the British GPO, in conjunction with GEC, STC and Plessey, for use on the System X digital telephone exchange control computers, known as PO-CORAL. This was later renamed BT-CORAL when British Telecom was spun off from the Post Office. Unique features of this language were the focus on real-time execution, message processing, limits on statement execution between waiting for input, and a prohibition on recursion to remove the need for a stack._NEWLINE_As Coral was aimed at a variety of real-time work, rather than general office DP, there was no standardised equivalent to a stdio library. IECCA recommended a primitive I/O package to accompany any compiler (in a document titled Input/Output of Character data in Coral 66 Utility Programs). Most implementers avoided this by producing Coral interfaces to existing Fortran and, later, C libraries._NEWLINE_Perhaps CORAL's most significant contribution to computing was the enforcement of quality control in commercial compilers. To have a CORAL compiler approved by IECCA, and thus allowing a compiler to be marketed as a CORAL 66 compiler, the candidate compiler had to compile and execute an official suite of 25 test programs and 6 benchmark programs. The process was part of the BS 5905 approval process. This methodology was observed and adapted later by the United States Department of Defense for the official certification of Ada compilers._NEWLINE_Source code for a Coral 66 compiler (written in BCPL) has been recovered and the Official Definition of Coral 66 document by HMSO has been scanned; the Ministry of Defence patent office has issued a licence to the Edinburgh Computer History project to allow them to put both the code and the language reference online for non-commercial use.
Cortes received her M.S. degree in physics from Copenhagen University in 1989. In the same year she joined AT&T Bell Labs as a researcher and remained there for about ten years. She received her Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Rochester in 1993. Cortes currently serves as the Head of Google Research, New York. She is an Editorial Board member of the journal Machine Learning._NEWLINE_Cortes' research covers a wide range of topics in machine learning, including support vector machines and data mining. In 2008, she jointly with Vladimir Vapnik received the Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award for the development of a highly effective algorithm for supervised learning known as support vector machines (SVM). Today, SVM is one of the most frequently used algorithms in machine learning, which is used in many practical applications, including medical diagnosis and weather forecasting.
The spread of counterfeit goods (commonly called "knock-offs" or "rip-offs") has become global in recent years and the range of goods subject to infringement has increased significantly. Apparel and accessories accounted for over 50 percent of the counterfeit goods seized by U.S Customs and Border Control. According to the study of Counterfeiting Intelligence Bureau (CIB) of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), counterfeit goods make up 5 to 7% of World Trade; however, these figures cannot be substantiated due to the secretive nature of the industry._NEWLINE_A report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development indicates that up to US$200 Billion of international trade could have been in counterfeit and illegally copied goods in 2005. In November 2009, the OECD updated these estimates, concluding that the share of counterfeit and illegitimate goods in world trade had increased from 1.85% in 2000 to 1.95% in 2007. That represents an increase to US$250 billion worldwide._NEWLINE_In a detailed breakdown of the counterfeit goods industry, the total loss faced by countries around the world is $600 billion, with the United States facing the most economic impact._NEWLINE_When calculating counterfeit products, current estimates place the global losses at $400 billion. On November 29, 2010, the Department of Homeland Security seized and shut down 82 websites as part of a U.S. crackdown of websites that sell counterfeit goods, and was timed to coincide with "Cyber Monday," the start of the holiday online shopping season._NEWLINE_Some see the rise in counterfeiting of goods as being related to globalisation.  As more and more companies, in an effort to increase profits, move manufacturing to the cheaper labour markets of the third world, areas with weaker labour laws or environmental regulations, they give the means of production to foreign workers.  These new managers of production have little or no loyalty to the original corporation.  They see that profits are being made by the global brand for doing little (other than advertising) and see the possibilities of removing the middle men (i.e. the parent corporation) and marketing directly to the consumer. This can result in counterfeit products being virtually indistinguishable from original products, as they are being produced in the same company, and in damage to the parent corporation due to copyright infringement._NEWLINE_Certain consumer goods, especially very expensive or desirable brands or those that are easy to reproduce cheaply, have become frequent and common targets of counterfeiting. The counterfeiters either attempt to deceive the consumer into thinking they are purchasing a legitimate item, or convince the consumer that they could deceive others with the imitation. An item which makes no attempt to deceive, such as a copy of a DVD with missing or different cover art or a book without a cover, is often called a "bootleg" or a "pirated copy" instead._NEWLINE_Counterfeiting has also been issued to "cash in" on the ever growing record collecting market. One major example is bootleggers have cloned copies of Elvis Presley's early singles for Sun Records since original copies starting changing hands amongst music fans for hundreds (and then, thousands) of US$. Some who produce these even do so with the wrong material. For example the song "Heartbreak Hotel" which was never released on Sun, as by the time Elvis' first heard it, prior to ever recording it, he had moved from Sun to RCA Victor. Rare releases by The Beatles such as their album with the butcher cover, fan-club only released Christmas records and early demonstration discs issued by EMI are also examples of product reproduced by counterfeiters due to their high value to collectors._NEWLINE_Many counterfeit goods are produced and manufactured in China, making it the counterfeit capital of the world. In fact, the counterfeiting industry accounts for 8% of China's GDP. Counterfeit goods are produced and manufactured in Russia, North Korea, Taiwan, Bulgaria, and Greece as well. Greece is responsible for 2% of counterfeit goods seized by the EU. Some counterfeits are produced in the same factory that produces the original, authentic product, using inferior materials. _NEWLINE_Another trend in counterfeiting, especially seen in consumer electronics, is the manufacture of entirely new products using poor quality materials or, more often, incorporating desirable features not present in a brand's authentic product line and then including prominent and fake brand names and logotypes to profit from brand recognition or brand image. An example would be imitation "Nokia" and "iPhone" cellular phones with features like dual SIM slots or analog TV, which are unavailable in authentic originals, or cosmetically-identical clones of high-end smartphones such as those from Hong Kong-based Goophone, using off the shelf system-on-chips from MediaTek and the Android operating system, often with user interfaces made to resemble the devices they imitate. Another example would be imitation "iPod" MP3 players whose batteries are removable and replaceable, whereas in authentic originals the batteries are permanently installed._NEWLINE_In the United States, a federal crackdown on counterfeit imports is driving an increase in domestic output of fake merchandise, according to investigators and industry executives. Raids carried out in New York City resulted in the seizure of an estimated $200 Million in counterfeit apparel, bearing the logos of brands such as "The North Face," "Polo," "Izod Lacoste," "Rocawear," "Seven for all Mankind," and "Fubu." One of the largest seizures was a joint operation in Arizona, Texas and California that seized seventy-seven containers of fake "Nike Air Jordan" shoes and a container of "Abercrombie & Fitch" clothing, valued at $69.5 million. Another current method of attacking counterfeits is at the retail level. Fendi sued the Sam's Club division of Walmart for selling fake "Fendi" bags and leather goods in five states. Sam's Club agreed to pay Fendi a confidential amount to settle the dispute and dismiss the action. In the case Tiffany v. eBay, Tiffany & Co. sued auction site eBay for allowing the sale of counterfeit items, but lost on all claims.  Gucci filed suit against thirty websites in the United States and is currently in the process of suing one hundred more._NEWLINE_A number of companies involved in the development of anti-counterfeiting and brand protection solutions have come together to form special industry-wide and global organisations dedicated to combating the so-called "brand pirates" such as the International Hologram Manufacturers Association.  Other companies and organisations have established web-based communities that provide a framework for crowd-sourced solutions to counterfeiting.  One such free community, Collectors Proof enables manufacturers and users alike to associate unique identification numbers to virtually any item so that each new owner can update its chain of custody.  Because quality counterfeit items are often difficult to discern from authentic goods, this approach enables potential customers to access an item's current and previous owners – its provenance – prior to purchase._NEWLINE_To combat counterfeiting, companies may have the various parts of an item manufactured in independent factories and then limit the supply of certain distinguishing parts to the factory that performs the final assembly to the exact number required for the number of items to be assembled (or as near to that number as is practicable) or may require the factory to account for every part used and to return any unused, faulty or damaged parts. To help distinguish the originals from the counterfeits, the copyright holder may also employ the use of serial numbers or holograms etc., which may be attached to the product in another factory still.
Human evolution is the study of the biological evolution of humans as a distinct species from its common ancestors with other animals. Analysis of fossil evidence and genetic distance are two of the means by which scientists understand this evolutionary history._NEWLINE_Fossil evidence suggests that humans' earliest hominid ancestors may have split from other primates as early as the late Oligocene, circa 26 to 24 Ma, and that by the early Miocene, the adaptive radiation of many different hominoid forms was well underway. Evidence from the molecular dating of genetic differences indicates that the gibbon lineage (family Hylobatidae) diverged between 18 and 12 Ma, and the orangutan lineage (subfamily Ponginae) diverged about 12 Ma. While there is no fossil evidence thus far clearly documenting the early ancestry of gibbons, fossil proto-orangutans may be represented by Sivapithecus from India and Griphopithecus from Turkey, dated to around 10 Ma. Molecular evidence further suggests that between 8 and 4 Ma, first the gorillas, and then the chimpanzee (genus Pan) split from the line leading to the humans. We have no fossil record of this divergence, but distinctively hominid fossils have been found dating to 3.2 Ma (see Lucy) and possibly even earlier, at 6 or 7 Ma (see Toumaï). Comparisons of DNA show that 99.4 percent of the coding regions are identical in chimpanzees and humans (95–96% overall), which is taken as strong evidence of recent common ancestry. Today, only one distinct human species survives, but many earlier species have been found in the fossil record, including Homo erectus, Homo habilis, and Homo neanderthalensis._NEWLINE_Creationists dispute there is evidence of shared ancestry in the fossil evidence, and argue either that these are misassigned ape fossils (e.g. that Java Man was a gibbon) or too similar to modern humans to designate them as distinct or transitional forms. Creationists frequently disagree where the dividing lines would be. Creation myths (such as the Book of Genesis) frequently posit a first man (Adam, in the case of Genesis) as an alternative viewpoint to the scientific account._NEWLINE_Creationists also dispute science's interpretation of genetic evidence in the study of human evolution. They argue that it is a "dubious assumption" that genetic similarities between various animals imply a common ancestral relationship, and that scientists are coming to this interpretation only because they have preconceived notions that such shared relationships exist. Creationists also argue that genetic mutations are strong evidence against evolutionary theory because, they assert, the mutations required for major changes to occur would almost certainly be detrimental.
Cyn.in was developed and released in late 2006 as a closed source Enterprise Bliki  software, based on the .NET Framework as a SaaS offering by Cynapse. In 2008, June, Cynapse, the company behind Cyn.in, released a new version of Cyn.in and open sourced the project. This release was built on the popular open source Plone - Zope - Python framework. With this release Cynapse's intention was to expand its focus into the enterprise collaboration domain. While the new release still supported Blogs and Wikis, Cyn.in had evolved to include enterprise collaboration tools including file repositories, event calendars, image galleries and more. The company decided to discontinue using the Bliki terminology and Cyn.in is called a Collaboration software
The company was founded by David E. Shaw, a former Columbia University faculty member with a doctoral degree from Stanford. D. E. Shaw began investing in June 1989 having secured $28 million in capital from Paloma Partners Management Co. and a couple of private investors. The company’s first office was small and located above a bookstore near New York University. By 1990, the company had moved to a loft on Park Avenue South, and it relocated again the following year, to Tower 45 on West 45th Street._NEWLINE_From the start, the company carefully protected its proprietary trading algorithms. Many of its early employees were scientists, mathematicians and computer programmers, including Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon. Believing that recruiting would give his start-up a competitive advantage, David E. Shaw courted top-performing graduates from the nation’s top ranked colleges and universities. The focus of recruiting shifted to liberal arts graduates in early 1992._NEWLINE_By the mid-90s, confidentiality was ingrained in the company culture._NEWLINE_David Shaw also placed heavy emphasis on risk management and the preservation of capital. Portfolio managers were expected to perform risk analysis and, eventually, the company would charge an executive committee and a chief risk officer with using scenario analysis and stress-testing to analyze risk at both the strategy and portfolio levels._NEWLINE_In 1994, the company’s net return was 26 percent. It managed several hundred million dollars in “market-neutral strategies, including statistical arbitrage, Japanese warrant arbitrage, convertible-bond arbitrage and fixed-income trading.” Its non-hedge fund activities in the mid-90s included setting up a broker-dealer subsidiary, founding the e-mail provider Juno Online Services, launching an online banking and brokerage firm, and opening an office in India focused on developing software and systems to support the company’s trading operations and online businesses.
The diamond-square algorithm is a method for generating heightmaps for computer graphics. It is a slightly better algorithm than the three-dimensional implementation of the midpoint displacement algorithm which produces two-dimensional landscapes.  It is also known as the random midpoint displacement fractal, the cloud fractal or the plasma fractal, because of the plasma effect produced when applied._NEWLINE_The idea was first introduced by Fournier, Fussell and Carpenter at SIGGRAPH 1982._NEWLINE_The diamond-square algorithm starts with a 2D grid then randomly generates terrain height from four seed values arranged in a grid of points so that the entire plane is covered in squares.
The diamond-square algorithm begins with a 2D square array of width and height 2ⁿ + 1.  The four corner points of the array must first be set to initial values._NEWLINE_The diamond and square steps are then performed alternately until all array values have been set._NEWLINE_The diamond step: For each square in the array, set the midpoint of that square to be the average of the four corner points plus a random value._NEWLINE_The square step: For each diamond in the array, set the midpoint of that diamond to be the average of the four corner points plus a random value._NEWLINE_At each iteration, the magnitude of the random value should be reduced._NEWLINE_During the square steps, points located on the edges of the array will have only three adjacent values set rather than four.  There are a number of ways to handle this complication - the simplest being to take the average of just the three adjacent values.  Another option is to 'wrap around', taking the fourth value from the other side of the array.  When used with consistent initial corner values this method also allows generated fractals to be stitched together without discontinuities.
The diamond-square algorithm was analyzed by Gavin S. P. Miller in SIGGRAPH 1986 who described it as flawed because the algorithm produces noticeable vertical and horizontal "creases" due to the most significant perturbation taking place in a rectangular grid. The grid artifacts were addressed in a generalized algorithm introduced by J.P. Lewis. In this variant the weights on the neighboring points are obtained by solving_NEWLINE_a small linear system motivated by estimation theory, rather than being fixed. The Lewis algorithm also allows the synthesis of non-fractal heightmaps such as rolling hills or ocean waves._NEWLINE_Similar results can be efficiently obtained with Fourier synthesis, although the possibility of adaptive refinement is lost. The diamond-square algorithm and its refinements are reviewed in the book.
The Gerchberg-Saxton algorithm was originally developed by Gerchberg and Saxton to solve for the phase of wave functions with intensities known in both the diffraction and imaging planes. However, it has been generalized for any information in real or reciprocal space. Detailed here is a generalization using electron diffraction information. As illustrated in image to the right, one can successively impose real space and reciprocal constraints on an initial estimate until it converges to a feasible solution.
Constraints can be physical or statistical. For instance, the fact that the data is produced by a scattering experiment in a transmission electron microscope imposes several constraints, including atomicity, bond lengths, symmetry, and interference. Constraints may also be statistical in origin, as shown earlier with the Cochran distribution and triplet phase relationship ()._NEWLINE_According to Combettes, image recovery problems can be considered as a convex feasibility problem. This idea was adapted by Marks et al. to the crystallographic phase problem. With a feasible set approach, constraints can be considered convex (highly convergent) or non-convex (weakly convergent). Imposing these constraints with the algorithm detailed earlier can converge towards unique or non-unique solutions, depending on the convexity of the constraints.
Electron Direct Methods is a set of programs developed at Northwestern University by Professor Laurence Marks. First released in 2004, its most recent release was version 3.1 in 2010. Written in C++, C, and Fortran 77, EDM is capable of performing image processing of high resolution electron microscopy images and diffraction patterns and direct methods. It has a standard GNU license and is free to use or modify for non-commercial purposes. It uses a feasible set approach  and genetic algorithm search for solving structures using direct methods, and it also has high-resolution transmission electron microscopy image simulation capabilities. More information can be found at the website: http://www.numis.northwestern.edu/edm/index.shtml.
The SIR (seminvariants representation) suite of programs was developed for solving the crystal structures of small molecules. SIR is updated and released frequently, with the first release in 1988 and the latest release in 2014. It is capable of both ab initio and non-ab-initio direct methods. The program is written in Fortran and C++ and is free for academic use. SIR can be used for the crystal structure determination of small-to-medium-sized molecules and proteins from either X-ray or electron diffraction data. More information can be found at its website: http://www.ba.ic.cnr.it/softwareic/sir2014/.
Dmitry Alimov was born in 1974 in Samara, USSR (now Russia). He studied applied mathematics and computer science at the Samara State Aerospace University. In 1998, he graduated summa cum laude from the University of Missouri - St. Louis (USA) with a major in Business Administration (Finance)._NEWLINE_Alimov started his career at the mergers and acquisitions department of investment bank Renaissance Capital._NEWLINE_From 1998–2002, as the vice president of a $1 billion private equity and venture capital fund Sputnik Group, he managed a number of venture capital and private equity investments._NEWLINE_From 2001–2002, Alimov was First Deputy General Director and the member of the Board of Directors of the TV channel TNT as well as a member of the Gazprom-Media Executive Committee._NEWLINE_In 2004, Alimov graduated from Harvard Business School with an MBA degree._NEWLINE_In the same year Leonard Blavatnik invited him to work for Access Industries (Eurasia). From 2004–2005, Alimov was in charge of the company's investment in media in Russia and CIS countries._NEWLINE_In 2005, Alimov was appointed managing director of Amedia and developed the company to lead the market in TV production in Russia._NEWLINE_In 2008, Alimov exited Amedia and sold his equity interest in the company to Access Industries._NEWLINE_From 2007–2010, Alimov worked as the managing partner of ru-Net Ltd venture capital fund which invested in Yandex, Russia's leading search engine, and Ozon.ru, the first Russian online shop._NEWLINE_Alimov has backed major Internet companies in Russia. He co-founded and played a key role in financing, launch, and growth of Russia's largest online video provider Ivi.ru and, on behalf of ru-Net Ltd, invested in the group purchasing site Biglion.ru._NEWLINE_In 2011, Alimov founded a $50 million venture capital fund Frontier Ventures to invest in Internet businesses.
Lenat was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on September 13, 1950, and grew up there and, from ages 5–15, in Wilmington, Delaware.  He attended Cheltenham High School, in Wyncote PA, where his after-school job at the neighboring Beaver College was cleaning rat cages and then goose pens, which motivated him to learn to program as a path to a very different after-school and summer job, and eventually career.  _NEWLINE_While attending the University of Pennsylvania, Lenat supported himself through programming, notably designing and developing a natural language interface to a U.S. Navy data base question–answering system serving as an early online shipboard operations manual used on US aircraft carriers.  He received his Bachelor's degree in Mathematics and Physics, and his  Master's degree in Applied Mathematics, all in 1972, from the University of Pennsylvania._NEWLINE_His senior thesis, advised in part by Dennis Gabor, was to bounce acoustic waves in the 40 mHz range off real-world objects, record their interference patterns on a 2-meter square plot, photo-reduce that to a 10mm square film image, shine a laser through that film, and thus project the 3-D imaged object—i.e., the first known acoustic hologram.  To settle an argument with Dr. Gabor,  Lenat computer-generated a five-dimensional hologram, by photo-reducing computer printout of the interference pattern of a globe rotating and expanding over time, reducing that large two-dimensional paper printout to a moderately large 5 cm square film surface through which a conventional laser beam was then able to project a three-dimensional image which changed in two independent ways (rotating and changing in size) as the film was moved up-down or left-right.)_NEWLINE_Lenat was a Ph.D. student in Computer Science at Stanford University, where his published research included automatic program synthesis from input/output pairs and from natural language clarification dialogues
He received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University (published as Knowledge-based systems in artificial intelligence, along with the Ph.D. thesis of Randall Davis, McGraw-Hill, 1982) in 1976. His thesis advisor was Professor Cordell Green, and his thesis/oral committee included Professors Edward Feigenbaum, Joshua Lederberg, Paul Cohen, Allen Newell, Herbert Simon, Bruce Buchanan, John McCarthy, and Donald Knuth.  _NEWLINE_His thesis, AM (Automated Mathematician) was one of the first computer programs that attempted to make discoveries, i.e., a theorem proposer rather than a theorem prover.  Experimenting with the program fueled a cycle of criticism and improvement, leading to a slightly deeper understanding of human creativity. Many issues had to be dealt with, in constructing such a program:  how to represent knowledge formally and expressively and concretely, how to program hundreds of heuristic "interestingness" rules to judge the worth of new discoveries, heuristics for when to reason symbolically and inductively (and slowly) versus when to reason statistically from frequency data (and hence, quickly), what the architecture — the design constraints — of such reasoning programs might be, why heuristics work (in sum, because the future is a continuous function of the past), and what their ``inner structure'' might be.  AM was one of the first halting steps toward a science of learning by discovery, toward de-mystifying the creative process and demonstrating that computer programs can make novel and creative discoveries._NEWLINE_In 1976 Lenat started teaching as an assistant professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon and commenced his work on the AI program Eurisko.  The limitation with AM was that it was locked into following a fixed set of interestingness heuristics; Eurisko, by contrast, represented its heuristic rules as first class objects and hence it could explore, manipulate, and discover new heuristics just as it (and AM) explored, manipulated, and discovered new domain concepts._NEWLINE_Lenat returned to Stanford as an assistant professor of Computer Science in 1978, and continued his research building the Eurisko automated discovery and heuristic-discovery program.  Eurisko made many interesting discoveries and enjoyed significant acclaim, with his paper "Heuretics: Theoretical and Experimental Study of Heuristic Rules" winning the Best Paper award at the 1982 AAAI conference.
Several open source software projects allow using Microsoft Windows drivers under another operating system, such as Linux. _NEWLINE_Examples include network drivers for wireless cards (such as NDISwrapper for Linux or Project Evil for FreeBSD) and the NTFS file system (see Captive NTFS)._NEWLINE_The common thread among these examples is the use of wrapper technology, which allows execution of the drivers in a foreign environment._NEWLINE_Limitations for driver wrappers include the lack of an ability to function at real time. An example of this limitation includes latency problems as those associated with attempts to make compatible with Linux the ZoomR16 audio DAW sound recorder and control surface.
Dykstra's algorithm is a method that computes a point in the intersection of convex sets, and is a variant of the alternating projection method (also called the projections onto convex sets method).  In its simplest form, the method finds a point in the intersection of two convex sets by iteratively projecting onto each of the convex set; it differs from the alternating projection method in that there are intermediate steps. A parallel version of the algorithm was developed by Gaffke and Mathar._NEWLINE_The method is named after R. L. Dykstra who proposed it in the 1980s._NEWLINE_A key difference between Dykstra's algorithm and the standard alternating projection method occurs when there is more than one point in the intersection of the two sets. In this case, the alternating projection method gives some arbitrary point in this intersection, whereas Dykstra's algorithm gives a specific point: the projection of r onto the intersection, where r is the initial point used in the algorithm,
In 1930, Bünning took an assistantship under Otto Renner at the University of Jena, then one of Germany's largest botanical institutes. During the rise of the Nazi Party in Germany in the early 1930s, Renner stood in open opposition to the Nazis, publicly defending Jewish scientists. Similarly, Bünning was considered a communist sympathizer, a stance likely influenced by Bünning's father, a Social Democrat opposed to the Nazis. Bünning's political beliefs created tension between him and some of his students. In response to this tension, Bünning left Jena for a lectureship at the East Prussian University of Königsberg. In 1936, Bünning published his model for plant photoperiodism, wherein he proposed that endogenous (internal) circadian rhythms enable plants to measure day length. Bünning's model of photoperiodism would go largely unnoticed by the scientific community until 1960 when he chaired the 1960 Cold Spring Harbor Symposium on Biological Clocks. There, Colin Pittendrigh drew attention to Bünning's work and named his 1936 model on plant photoperiodism the Bünning hypothesis._NEWLINE_In 1938, Bünning spent a year traveling through Java and Sumatra. His observations on the islands resulted in the book Tropische Regenwalder (Tropical Rainforests). Upon his return to Germany in 1939, Bünning was conscripted in the German military (World War II). Military authorities appointed Bünning as an associate professor at the University of Strasbourg. After the war, Bünning became a full professor at the University of Cologne in 1945 before moving to the University of Tübingen the next year (1946), where he stayed until his retirement in 1971. At Tübingen, Bünning entered into the workspace of his role model Wilhelm Pfeffer, the man who postulated in 1875 that the orientation of plants in space changes with the time of day. Bünning would later publish a biography on Pfeffer.
The research and development work of the Fraunhofer HHI takes place in six departments._NEWLINE_The research focus of the Photonic Networks and Systems department are high-performance optical transmission systems for use in in-house, access, metropolitan, wide-area and satellite communication networks. The focus is on increasing the capacity as well as improving security and energy efficiency. _NEWLINE_The Photonic Components department develops optoelectronic semiconductor components as well as integrated optical circuits for data transmission. Another focus is on infrared sensor systems, terahertz spectroscopy and high-performance semiconductor lasers for industrial and medical applications._NEWLINE_The research on novel photonic sensors used in measuring and control systems for early hazard detection, energy management, robotics and medical technology is a focus of the Fiber Optical Sensor Systems department (branch). The sensors are characterized by extreme miniaturization, excellent communication and network capabilities and high energy efficiency._NEWLINE_The research focus of the Wireless Communications and Networks department is on radio-based information transmission. The department provides contributions to the theory and technical feasibility of radio systems and develops hardware prototypes. This is supplemented by scientific studies, simulations and evaluations at the link and system levels._NEWLINE_The Video Coding & Analytics department is researching actively the efficient encoding, transport, processing and analysis of video signals as well as machine learning._NEWLINE_The focus in the Vision & Imaging Technologies department is on complex 2D/3D analysis and synthesis methods, on computer vision as well as innovative camera, sensor, display and projection systems. The department is researching for the entire video processing chain from content creation to playback.
The butterfly is found in Sri Lanka, India, Myanmar, Cambodia Thailand, Laos, Hainan, Hong Kong, western China, Malaysia, the Indonesian archipelago (Borneo, Sumatra, Java, Nias, Sumbawa and Bali), the Philippines and Sulawesi._NEWLINE_In India the butterfly is found in South India, where it occurs in the Western Ghats, Kodagu, Nilgiri mountains and Palni hills; and in the Himalayas from Mussoorie eastwards to Sikkim and through to Myanmar. It is also found in the Andaman and Nicobar islands._NEWLINE_The type locality is South India.
In 1986, Vernon Harrison, a researcher of paranormal phenomena and member of the Society for Psychical Research (SPR), attempted to undermine the accuracy of the Hodgson Report. According to Harrison, the Hodgson Report is not a scientific study, it "is flawed and untrustworthy" and "should be read with great caution, if not disregarded." Harrison blamed the SPR committee "for publishing this thoroughly bad report" without a fact checked critical reading of it and "the quondam Council of the Theosophical Society for their failure to allow their founder fair defense." Harrison concluded that the report's "errors of procedure, its inconsistencies, its faulty reasoning and bias, its hostility towards the subject and its contempt for the 'native' and other witnesses, would have become apparent; and the case would have been referred back for further study." Since Blavatsky "was the most important occultist ever" investigated by the SPR, the process was a wasted opportunity._NEWLINE_Harrison accused Hodgson of selection bias and wrote that "whereas Hodgson was prepared to use any evidence, however trivial or questionable, to implicate HPB, he ignored all evidence that could be used in her favor. His report is riddled with slanted statements, conjecture advanced as fact or probable fact, uncorroborated testimony of unnamed witnesses, selection of evidence and downright falsity." Harrison does not address whether there was any real phenomenon._NEWLINE_He concluded that Hodgson's case against Blavatsky was not proven, and that there is no evidence that the Mahatma Letters were written by her. However, the Hodgson report did not just deal with forgery, but addressed the crude psychic tricks used by Blavatsky such as her séances where spirits respond to her with "raps" on the table, the dropping of Mahatma Letters from the ceiling and onto peoples heads, and various letters written by Blavatsky incriminating herself, and the actions of Theosophists to cover up the fraud._NEWLINE_Harrison criticizes Hodgson for failing to conduct himself as if he were in a court of law. However, Hogdson was not in a court of law, but was a parapsychologist sent to India and reporting back to the Society of Psychical Research. It is likely Hodgson had hoped to find the phenomena true. Harrison does not address the evidence that Blavatsky was simply another fraudulent medium using "spirit rapping" such as that uncovered by the Seybert Commission in 1887. The investigations of mediums in the late 1880s dealt a blow to spiritualists worldwide._NEWLINE_Harrison believes that the Hodgson Report "matters a great deal" since it "is still accepted by many compilers of encyclopedias and dictionaries as the last word on" Blavatsky. Harrison does not "claim to demonstrate from an analysis of [...] Blavatsky's 'ordinary' writing that she could not have been responsible for the" letters attributed to Koot Hoomi._NEWLINE_The Madras Christian College magazine made a similar analysis of fraud on the part of Blavatsky, and addresses Blavatsky's ruses because the Madras Christian College had previously written positively concerning Blavatsky.
The History of Indonesia and History of Malaysia were often intertwined. Throughout their history the borders of ancient kingdoms and empires – such as Srivijaya, Majapahit, Malacca, Aceh and Johor-Riau – often comprised both modern-day countries. For centuries, the relations, migrations, and interactions between Indonesian and Malaysian people have been quite intense, and it is common for Malaysians to trace their relatives in Indonesia and vice versa. The Malays' homes are on both sides of the strait and also on coastal Borneo, while Dayak homelands are both in East Malaysian Borneo and Indonesian Kalimantan. Some of the Indonesian origin ethnic groups such as Minang, Bugis, and Javanese had significant migration to Malaysia and formed significant communities in Malaysia. Negeri Sembilan in particular have large numbers of Minangkabau people._NEWLINE_During the colonial era, the region was contested among European colonial powers, notably British and Dutch. From the 17th to early 19th century, various states, ports, and cities in the region were held as Dutch colonies or British possessions. The current borders between Indonesia and Malaysia were basically inherited from those established by the colonial powers through their treaties. The Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814 and 1824 significantly shaped the territories of Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and India. These treaties officially divided the archipelago into two: Malaya, which was ruled by the United Kingdom, and the Dutch East Indies, which was ruled by the Netherlands. The successor states of Malaya and the Dutch East Indies are Malaysia and Indonesia, respectively. The line that separated the spheres of influence between the British and the Dutch ultimately became the border between Indonesia and Malaysia._NEWLINE_During World War II both British Malaya and Borneo together with the Dutch East Indies fell to the Japanese Empire. After the Japanese defeat, Indonesia declared its independence in 1945, followed a war of independence against Dutch until 1949. The British reestablished their authority in Malaya, and their withdrawal two decades later meant the independence of the states of Malaysia, Singapore, and Brunei. The diplomatic relations between the Republic of Indonesia and Federation of Malaya were established promptly after Malaya's independence from Britain in 1957._NEWLINE_However, the relations between the two nations deteriorated under Indonesian President Sukarno in 1962 (see Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation, see Indonesian withdrawal from the United Nations). The conflict resulted from Indonesian opposition to the formation of Malaysia, a merger of the Federation of Malaya with two former British colonies on Borneo: Sarawak and Sabah. The conflict has led to the termination of diplomatic relations on 17 September 1963._NEWLINE_After the fall of Sukarno, relations between Indonesia and Malaysia were restored under President Suharto; as both parties agreed to normalize the bilateral relationship and pursued peaceful co-operation and partnership. The bilateral relations recovery process was started on 1 June 1966 when the foreign ministers of two nations signed the Bangkok Accord to end hostility and confrontation. Followed by Jakarta Accord signed on 11 August 1966 in Jakarta, marked the re-establishment of bilateral relations. In September 1967 Indonesian Liaison Office was opened in Kuala Lumpur, led to the establishment of Indonesian embassy._NEWLINE_In 1967, both countries together with Philippines, Singapore and Thailand founded ASEAN to ensure the peace and stability in the region. Since the 1970s under Suharto and Mahathir administrations, both countries enjoys relatively cordial and close relationship, stemmed from both proximity and serumpun (kinship) spirit. However, some diplomatic spats have occurred that at times put tensions on bilateral relations. These range from territorial disputes, treatment of migrant workers to accusations of cultural theft.
The river flows in the northwest area of Java with predominantly tropical rainforest climate (designated as Af in the Köppen-Geiger climate classification). The annual average temperature in the area is 28 °C. The warmest month is September, when the average temperature is around 31 °C, and the coldest is May, at 26 °C. The average annual rainfall is 3674 mm. The wettest month is December, with an average of 456 mm rainfall, and the driest is September, with 87 mm rainfall.
Jean Pierier of Mailly, called Jean de Mailly, was a Dominican chronicler working in Metz in the mid-13th century. In his Latin chronicle of the Diocese of Metz, Chronica universalis Mettensis, the fable of Pope Joan first appears in written form. He is also the compiler of the Abbreviatio in gestis sanctorum, a collection of legends about the saints which is an important forerunner of the Golden Legend.
MacArthur is originally from Charlottetown and currently lives in Halifax. After attending high school in Ottawa, he received an undergraduate degree in Computer Science & Math from McGill University in Montreal, a graduate degree in Computing Science from Simon Fraser University (with thesis on the visualization of music), and a GDBA (core of MBA) from Simon Fraser University in Vancouver. MacArthur was leader of the urban funk band Solcola, which performed in both the Atlantic and Vancouver International Jazz Festivals. His sister is Amber MacArthur.
The origins of the Kedayans are uncertain. Some of them believe their people were originally from Java, which they left during the reign of Sultan Bolkiah. Because of his fame as a sea captain and voyager, the Sultan was well-known to the people of Java, Sumatra and the Philippines. It is believed that when the Sultan arrived to the island of Java, he became interested in the local agricultural techniques. He brought some of the Javanese farmers back to his country to spread their techniques. The farmers inter-married with the local Bruneian Malay people, giving birth to the Kedayan ethnicity. Most Kedayans have adopted Islam since the Islamic era of the Sultanate of Brunei. They have also adopted Malay culture. The Kedayans are recognized as one of the indigenous people of Borneo. They are experts in making traditional medicines. The Kedayans are well known for their cultivation of medicinal plants, which they grow to treat a wide range of ailments and to make tonics._NEWLINE_The language of one of the indigenous tribes, the Banjar people in Kutai, East Kalimantan, Indonesia, is said to share more than 90% of the vocabulary with the Kedayan language, despite the fact that the Banjarese do not refer to themselves as Kedayans. Both the Kedayans and the Banjarese are related, to a certain extent, because of the similarities in their languages.
The People's Protection Units (YPG) captured Kobanê on 19 July 2012. Since July 2012, Kobanê has been under Kurdish control, while the YPG and Kurdish politicians anticipate autonomy for the area, which they consider part of Rojava. After similar less intense events earlier in 2014, on 2 July the town and surrounding villages came under a massive attack from fighters of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. On 16 September, ISIL resumed its siege of Kobanê with a full-scale assault from the west and the south of the city._NEWLINE_The Kobanî Canton was attacked by ISIL militants for several months. In September 2014, ISIL militants occupied most of Kobanî Canton, seizing more than 100 Kurdish villages. As a consequence of the ISIL occupation, up to 200,000 Kurdish refugees fled from Kobanî Canton to Turkey._NEWLINE_In the captured villages, ISIL militants committed massacres and kidnapped women. ISIL militants, however, were not able to occupy the entire canton, as the YPG and YPJ forces managed to defend the city of Kobanî and a few nearby settlements. After a few weeks of "neutrality", the US-led coalition began to target ISIL forces in Kobanî with a larger number of airstrikes, beginning on 5 October 2014. This move aided the YPG/YPJ in forcing ISIL to retreat from numerous parts of the city. The YPG reportedly forced ISIL to retreat from most of Kobanî on 26 January 2015, thus lifting the siege. On 27 January 2015, YPG-led fighters had retaken the entire city of Kobanî. Since then, the city was under YPG control._NEWLINE_During May and June 2015, the YPG, FSA, and allied forces captured huge swaths of territory in northern Syria, taking territory across the western Al-Hasakah province and the Tell Abyad region, linking the Kurdish Jazira and Kobanî Cantons.
A distribution-free multivariate Kolmogorov–Smirnov goodness of fit test has been proposed by Justel, Peña and Zamar (1997).  The test uses a statistic which is built using Rosenblatt's transformation, and an algorithm is developed to compute it in the bivariate case.  An approximate test that can be easily computed in any dimension is also presented._NEWLINE_The Kolmogorov–Smirnov test statistic needs to be modified if a similar test is to be applied to multivariate data. This is not straightforward because the maximum difference between two joint cumulative distribution functions is not generally the same as the maximum difference of any of the complementary distribution functions. Thus the maximum difference will differ depending on which of  or  or any of the other two possible arrangements is used. One might require that the result of the test used should not depend on which choice is made._NEWLINE_One approach to generalizing the Kolmogorov–Smirnov statistic to higher dimensions which meets the above concern is to compare the cdfs of the two samples with all possible orderings, and take the largest of the set of resulting K–S statistics.  In d dimensions, there are 2ᵈ−1 such orderings.  One such variation is due to Peacock _NEWLINE_(see also Gosset _NEWLINE_for a 3D version)_NEWLINE_and another to Fasano and Franceschini (see Lopes et al. for a comparison and computational details). Critical values for the test statistic can be obtained by simulations, but depend on the dependence structure in the joint distribution._NEWLINE_In one dimension, the Kolmogorov–Smirnov statistic is identical to the so-called star discrepancy D, so another native KS extension to higher dimensions would be simply to use D also for higher dimensions. Unfortunately, the star discrepancy is hard to calculate in high dimensions.
The idea of a patriarchal lineage in Chan Buddhism dates back to the epitaph for Fărú (法如 638–689), a disciple of the 5th patriarch, Hóngrĕn (弘忍 601–674). In the Long Scroll of the Treatise on the Two Entrances and Four Practices and the Continued Biographies of Eminent Monks, Daoyu and Huike are the only explicitly identified disciples of Bodhidharma. The epitaph gives a line of descent identifying Bodhidharma as the first patriarch._NEWLINE_In the 6th century biographies of famous monks were collected. From this genre the typical Chan-lineage was developed:_NEWLINE_These famous biographies were non-sectarian. The Ch'an biographical works, however, aimed to establish Ch'an as a legitimate school of Buddhism traceable to its Indian origins, and at the same time championed a particular form of Ch'an. Historical accuracy was of little concern to the compilers; old legends were repeated, new stories were invented and reiterated until they too became legends._NEWLINE_D. T. Suzuki contends that Chan's growth in popularity during the 7th and 8th centuries attracted criticism that it had "no authorized records of its direct transmission from the founder of Buddhism" and that Chan historians made Bodhidharma the 28th patriarch of Buddhism in response to such attacks.
Luis Falcón was born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain, in 1970. He graduated from California State University, Northridge in 1996 with a degree in computer science, and from Instituto Universitario de Ciencias de la Salud (IUCS) medical school in Argentina. In 2009, he founded GNU Solidario, a non-profit organization that focuses on health and education with free software.
MediaBrowser (MediaBrowser.com, Inc.) was an Internet browser branding company that started in 2000 by Mark C. Brown. They made specially branded versions of Internet Explorer for various company brands and themes. Because the branded web browsers made by MediaBrowser require Internet Explorer 5 or higher it is only supported on Windows operating systems. On December 5, 2001, Mediabrowser.com, Inc. went bankrupt and shut down their site and its branded web browsers.
As of April 2018 the Mimer SQL database server is currently supported on the main platforms of Windows, MacOS, Linux, and OpenVMS (Alpha and Integrity).  Previous versions of the database engine was supported on other operating systems including Solaris, AIX, HP-UX, Tru 64 and SCO.  Versions of Mimer SQL are available for download and free for development._NEWLINE_The Enterprise product is a standards based SQL database server based upon the Mimer SQL Experience database server.  This product is highly configurable and components can be added, removed or replacing in the foundation product to achieve a derived product suitable for embedded, real-time or small footprint application._NEWLINE_The Mimer SQL Realtime database server is a replacement database engine specifically designed for applications where real-time aspects are paramount.  This is sometimes marketed as the Automotive approach.  For resource limited environments the Mimer SQL Mobile database server is a replacement runtime environment without a SQL compiler.  This is used for portable and certain custom devices and is termed the Mobile Approach._NEWLINE_Custom embedded approaches can be applied to multiple hardware and operating system system combinations._NEWLINE_These options enable Mimer SQL to be deployed to a wide variety of additional target platforms and real-time operating systems including Android and VxWorks._NEWLINE_The database is available in real-time, embedded and automotive specialist versions requiring no maintenance, with the intention to make the product suitable for mission-critical automotive, process automation and telecommunication systems.
Mimer SQL provides support for multiple database application programming interfaces (APIs): ODBC, JDBC, ADO.NET, Embedded SQL (C/C++, Cobol and Fortran), and the native API's Mimer SQL Real-Time API and Mimer SQL Micro C API._NEWLINE_The Mimer Provider Manager is an ADO.NET provider dispatcher that uses different plugins to access different underlying ADO.NET providers. The Mimer Provider Manager makes it possible to write database independent ADO.NET applications._NEWLINE_Mimer SQL mainly uses optimistic concurrency control (OCC) to manage concurrent transactions. This makes the database locking free and enables real-time predictability._NEWLINE_Mimer SQL is assigned port 1360 in the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) registry.
Since 2011 smartphones, especially running the open source Android operating system, have become increasingly popular in the Chinese mobile market. By 2016 smart-phones have become the dominant seller in the Chinese market. This is due to the Android system providing the possibility for factories to produce smartphones with increasing ease, which in turn has allowed prices to decrease even to below RMB 1,000 Yuan. These cheap smartphones are also exported to every corner of the world thanks to Chinese internet sales platforms such as aliexpresss.com and DHGate.com, and overseas online sales platforms such as eBay.com and Amazon.com.
Some software is licensed with a copy of the program source code supplied along with the executable code in which the license specifically authorizes changes to the supplied software.  This is a common standard in business software packages.  Hundreds of thousands of computer programmers in some nations have jobs because businesses want the purchased software tailored to the specific needs of the individual businesses.  Most every major city has want ads in the newspaper where there are job openings for people to modify some company's computer systems, where the ad specifies what programming languages or operating systems the applicant needs to know._NEWLINE_Derivative software is licensed copyrighted software used in whole or part in new programs written by programmers at businesses using the licensed software.  Programmers copy the copyright notices into the source code where the code was copied, and track all such places, because if the license is permitted to expire, then the business loses software use rights, including any place to which it was copied.  An annual fee is typically paid to keep the license in effect, and over time, the software supplier can increase the fees to the point that the business chooses to convert to some other commercial software that seems to be more cost effective.  It is not unusual in business software to find programs that have many different copyright notices, each referring to different sources of the derived source code.
The NoTA concept and the first implementations were the result of internal Nokia Research Center activities started in 2003. The objective of this work was to develop a novel embedded device architecture that could solve the existing R&D challenges, as well as prepare the company to face the expected horizontalization and digital convergence. The NoTA basic framework was strongly influenced by Network-on-Chip (NoC) and Web Services research._NEWLINE_NoTA Interconnect Release 1 was released in December 2005. Release 1 only consisted of Service communication, activation/deactivation, discovery and access. Release 2 added efficient data communication means, with a handle based stream referencing approach. This functionality, called DOA (Direct Object Access), allows direct memory-to-memory streaming between different NoTA subsystems. Release 2 came out during the second half of 2006. Release 3 became the official public release comprising all the essential functionalities. Reference implementation source code packages (user-space) can be downloaded from either www.notaworld.org or gitorious.org/nota. Linux Kernel optimized Debian package is also available through gitorious.org/knota.
On 3 May 1937, the squadron was reformed at Abingdon from 'B' Flight of No. 40 Squadron, equipped with Hawker Hinds. In February 1938 the squadron re-equipped with Bristol Blenheims. The squadron was posted to Singapore in August 1939 and moved to Alor Star in northern Malaya in February 1940. Japan invaded Malaya on 8 December 1941 and the squadron was evacuated to Butterworth on 9 December. Later that day, an attack on Singora airfield was planned, but Butterworth was attacked by Japanese aircraft when the British force was preparing to take off, with only one Blenheim, piloted by Squadron Leader Arthur Scarf of 62 Squadron getting away, carrying out a single-handed attack on Singora.  His Blenheim was heavily damaged by Japanese fighters and anti-aircraft fire, badly injuring Scarf. Despite his injuries, he managed to make a forced landing at Alor Star, saving the rest of his crew. He died in hospital that evening. Scarf was eventually posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions that day. Butterworth was heavily damaged by the Japanese attack on 9 December, and the squadron moved again, this time to Taiping, Perak. It withdrew again on 19 December, this time to Singapore. Losses, mainly from Japanese attacks on its airfields were heavy, and the squadron re-equipped with Lockheed Hudsons and moved to P2 airfield near Palembang, Sumatra in January 1942. Six 62 Squadron Hudsons took part in attacks against Japanese troopships landing at Endau, Malaya on 26 January, two being shot down by Japanese Ki-27 fighters. The squadron was evacuated from P2 to Java when Japanese paratroops landed at Palembang. The squadron operated closely with those of No. 1 Squadron RAAF, before being disbanded on 20 January 1942, its remaining Hudsons being transferred to 1 Squadron RAAF._NEWLINE_On 30 April 1942, the squadron reformed when No. 139 Squadron, equipped with Hudsons and based at Calcutta was renumbered. The squadron was a General Reconnaissance unit, flying coastal reconnaissance and anti-submarine patrols off the coast of Burma. On 18 August, one of the squadron's Hudsons drove off a Japanese flying boat attacking the merchant ship SS Itinda._NEWLINE_From January 1943, the squadron concentrated on bombing missions rather than the maritime mission which it had previously. In May that year, it withdrew from front line operations as its Hudsons were modified for the transport role, while in November, before becoming operational, it re-equipped with Douglas Dakotas. The squadron flew in support of British and Commonwealth forces during the Battle of the Admin Box in February 1944 and of Operation Thursday, the second Chindit operation in March. It was heavily deployed in dropping supplies during the Battle of Imphal, continuing to fly through the heavy rains of the Monsoon season. The squadron was withdrawn for operations for rest in August 1944, returning to supply dropping in November, continuing these duties and more general transport flying until the end of the war in August 1945. The squadron disbanded on 15 March 1946 at Mingaladon, near Rangoon (now Yangon), Burma.
In 2013 the Ol Pejeta Conservancy started to use a drone with a simple operating system, with the capacity to deliver real time video and thermal imaging feeds to a team on the ground. Deployed in a poaching incident, this drone will have the capability to help armed teams on the ground, to record video for use in court and also help undertake a census of the reserve.
The original version of POP-2 was implemented on an Elliott 4130 computer in the University of Edinburgh (with only 64KB RAM, doubled to 128KB in 1972)._NEWLINE_In the mid-1970s, POP-2 was ported to BESM-6 (POPLAN System)._NEWLINE_Later versions were implemented for CTL Modular One, PDP-10, ICL 1900 series (running the George operating system). Julian Davies, in Edinburgh, implemented an extended version of POP-2, which he called POP-10 on the PDP-10 computer running TOPS-10. This was the first dialect of POP-2 that treated case as significant in identifier names, used lower case for most system identifiers, and supported long identifiers with more than 8 characters._NEWLINE_Shortly after that, a new implementation known as WPOP (for WonderPop) was implemented by Robert Rae and Allan Ramsay in Edinburgh, on a research-council funded project. That version introduced caged address spaces, some compile-time syntactic typing (e.g. for integers and reals) as well as some pattern matching constructs for use with a variety of data-structures._NEWLINE_In parallel with that Steve Hardy at Sussex University implemented a subset of POP-2, which he called POP-11 which ran on a DEC PDP-11/40 computer. It was originally designed to run on the DEC operating system RSX-11D, in time-shared mode for teaching, but that caused so many problems that an early version of Unix was installed and used instead. That version was written in Unix assembler, and code was incrementally compiled to an intermediate byte code which was interpreted. That port was completed around 1976 and as a result Pop-11 was used in several places for teaching. In order to support its teaching function many of the syntactic features of POP-2 were modified, e.g. replacing function ... end with define ... enddefine and adding a wider variety of looping constructs with closing brackets to match their opening brackets instead of the use of close for all loops in POP-2. Pop-11 also introduced a pattern matcher for list structures, making it much easier to teach AI programming._NEWLINE_Around 1980 Pop-11 was ported to a VAX-11/780 computer by Steve Hardy and John Gibson, and soon after that it was replaced by a full incremental compiler (producing machine-code instead of an interpreted intermediate code). The existence of the compiler and all its subroutines at run time made it possible to support far richer language extensions than were possible with Macros, and as a result Pop-11 was used (by Steve Hardy, Chris Mellish and John Gibson)) to produce an implementation of Prolog, using the standard syntax of Prolog, and the combined system became known as Poplog, to which Common Lisp  and Standard ML were later added. This version was later ported to a variety of machines and operating systems and as a result Pop-11 became the dominant dialect of POP-2, still available in the Poplog system._NEWLINE_Around 1986 a new AI company Cognitive Applications Ltd., collaborated with members of Sussex university to produce a variant of Pop-11 called AlphaPop running on Apple Mac computers, with integrated graphics. This was used for a number of commercial projects, as well as being used for teaching AI programming in several universities. The fact that it was implemented in an early dialect of C, using an idiosyncratic compiler made it very hard to maintain and upgrade to new versions of the Mac operating system. In addition to this, AlphaPop was not "32-bit clean" due to the use of high address bits as "tag bits" to signify the type of objects, which was incompatible with the use of memory above 8Mb on later Macintoshes.
Sharda was born in Perth, Australia to Hema Sharda (Director of South Asian Relations at the University of Western Australia), and Nalin Kant Sharda (Professor of Computer Science at Victoria University). Her parents are from Delhi, her father is Punjabi. Both her parents are IIT alumni and have PhDs in science and engineering. They migrated to Australia in the 1980s before she was born. Sharda came to Melbourne as a toddler where she grew up in the outer north-western suburbs. She went to school at Lowther Hall in Essendon where she obtained an academic scholarship and commenced her LLB and  BA (Media & Communications) & Diploma in Modern Languages (French) at the University of Melbourne, at the age of 16 and graduated with honours. Sharda shifted base from Melbourne to Mumbai in 2010.
Isaac Asimov, in a 1963 humorous essay entitled "You, too, can speak Gaelic", reprinted in the anthology Adding a Dimension among others, traces the etymology of each component of the chemical name "para-di-methyl-amino-benz-alde-hyde" (e.g. the syllable "-benz-" ultimately derives from the Arabic lubān jāwī (لبان جاوي, "frankincense from Java").  Asimov points out that the name can be pronounced to the tune of the familiar jig "The Irish Washerwoman", and relates an anecdote in which a receptionist of Irish descent, hearing him singing the syllables thus, mistook them for the original Gaelic words to the jig.  This essay inspired Jack Carroll's 1963 filk song "The Chemist's Drinking Song," (NESFA Hymnal Vol. 2 2nd ed. p. 65) set to the tune of that jig, which begins "Paradimethylaminobenzaldehyde, / Sodium citrate, ammonium cyanide, / ..."
Peter Kuttner is a Chicago filmmaker, activist, and cameraman. He is known for his early socially-conscious documentary films that touch on topics such as opposition to United States involvement in the Vietnam War, gentrification of Chicago, racism,  and social class. He produced many of these with the film collective Kartemquin Films, of which he was an original member. He is best known for his work on the film The End of the Nightstick (1993) with Cindi Moran and Eric Scholl, which documented police brutality in Chicago and torture allegations against commander Jon Burge. Kuttner has worked extensively in activism and community service, and was a founding member of activist group Rising Up Angry. Kuttner has worked with many collaborators including Kartemquin Collective founder Gordon Quinn, and filmmakers Haskell Wexler and Robert Kramer. He is also known for camera work on a number of major motion pictures including Man of Steel and Source Code.
Kuttner has contributed to a number of commercial productions in Chicago as a camera assistant. Some of these include Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986), The Dark Knight (2008), Source Code (2011), Transformers: Dark of the Moon (2011), Formosa Betrayed (2009),  and the U.S. version of TV series Shameless. Others that were filmed in and around Chicago were Man of Steel (2013), Cheaper by the Dozen (2003), Proof (2005), The Break-Up (2006), Eagle Eye (2008),  Traitor (2008), Barbershop 2: Back in Business (2004), and Mad Dog and Glory (1993).
A number of applications are available to run on the Vita, some initially pre-loaded on the device, while others are available via Sony's PlayStation Store. Pre-loaded apps include an internet browser, a "Content Manager" app for monitoring data saved to the device, an email app, a music playing app, a photo app, and a video playing app. The system's web browser supports HTML5, cookies, and JavaScript, but not Adobe Flash. Also included was "Near", a social media/GPS like app that allowed the user to see other Vita players in the area, and what games or applications they had been using, with the opportunity for some limited interactivity and communication, although most of its functionality was disabled in 2015._NEWLINE_A number of other third party apps commonly found on mobile devices have also been made available on the Vita: Crunchyroll, Facebook (removed in 2015), Flickr (broken), Google Maps (removed in 2015), Hulu, LiveTweet (Sony's third-party client for Twitter), MLB.tv (broken), Netflix, Redbox Instant (discontinued), Skype (removed in 2016), TuneIn (broken), Twitch, WeatherNation and YouTube (removed in 2015). Facebook, Flickr, Google Maps and YouTube no longer function as Vita apps, but continue to be available by using the Vita's web browser.
According to review aggregator Metacritic, the Vita's original hardware release was generally well-received with critics, although a few concerns persisted as well. Metacritic editor Jason Dietz noted that reviewers tended to praise the Vita's actual hardware design and operating system, but expressed some concern on its practicality, namely competing in 2012 onward, with a large size and price, where mobile phones with large screens and cheap games were prevalent as an alternative. As of its initial Western launch in February 2012, out of 44 professional critic reviews, 9 fell in the "Great" rating, 29 in the "Good" rating, 6 in the "Mixed" rating, and 0 in the "Bad" or "Awful" rating._NEWLINE_Its initial launch sales were generally seen as positive, selling over 300,000 units in Japan, and 200,000 units in North America. However, a large dropoff occurred in both regions. In Japan, second-week sales dropped 78%, and leveled off at selling about 12,000 units per week. Similarly, sales dropped off to about 30,000 to 50,000 units sold per month for the year after launch in North America. Overall, Sony fell far short of the worldwide sales targets of 10 million Vitas sold by the end of March 2013. The device sold 1.2 million units as of the end of February 2012, 4 million by the end of 2012, and were only estimated by analysts to have reached 6 million by the end of 2013, figures that have not been confirmed due to Sony's ceasing to release Vita sales figures after hitting the 4 million mark at the end of 2012._NEWLINE_Views on the hardware dropped to more moderate levels in 2013, after the platform's initial sales lulls. Surveys in Japan showed that consumers were not purchasing the device due to its high retail price and perceived lack of software variety, and that current Vita owners only showed a 46% rate of approval for the device and its software library. Similarly, many Western critics felt that the low sales through 2013 would lead to an early death for the product._NEWLINE_From 2013 onward, Sony was able to reverse the trajectory of the system by changing focus, aiming to be more of a niche product than one with mass market appeal – focusing more on small Western mobile phone games and mid-level Japanese developed games, and attaching it to the rise of popularity of its PlayStation 4 platform with its remote play connectivity functions. Sony also released the Vita model revision, the PCH-2000, which was generally well received by critics as well for addressing a number prior complaints about the system, which included a price and size reduction. However, reviewers felt more mixed on the decision to change from OLED to LCD screen in the revised model, with some feeling it led to a minor downgrade in image quality._NEWLINE_While not giving specific figures, Sony stated that Vita sales beat projections in North America in 2014, which it was happy and surprised with, sometimes even falling out of stock. Similar response was found in the UK as well. The platform has been considered to have sold well in Japan, where it outsold the PS4 in 2015, and reached 5 million units sold in 2016 according to sales tracker Media Create. It also obtained million-selling software in the same year, with the Japanese Vita release of Minecraft. By the end of 2015, research firm EEDAR estimated the sales of the Vita worldwide to be around 10 million. Despite the smaller userbase, the platform continues to be viable for game release into 2017 due to the high attach rate of software sold per hardware user. Limited Run Games and various indie game developers praised the platform for its wide selection of more original and niche video games, and the strong respective sales of them. In mid-2017, Glixel estimated that approximately 15 million units of the system had been sold, while by September 2018, USGamer estimated it had grown to about 16 million units.
Traditionally, ClearQuest has comprised a fat client and a number of databases existing on a backend RDBMS server to store all captured data. ClearQuest supports various backend databases including Oracle, SQL Server and IBM DB2._NEWLINE_More recently, IBM has introduced a web interface to ClearQuest called "CQWeb" which utilizes an application server to generate the web-based interface. The client then becomes simply a supported web browser, which alleviates the heavy requirements of the full client version. The web version offers all the functionality of the full version except for the ability to create reports._NEWLINE_As of version 7, ClearQuest ships with an Eclipse-based client which provides almost the same features as the original Win32 Windows ClearQuest client. Charts and complex queries must still be constructed on the Windows client, even if they can be used on the other clients._NEWLINE_Apart from the standard ClearQuest user client, a design tool called ClearQuest Designer is also provided. This allows administrators to configure every aspect of not only the client interface but also the way in which data from specific widgets in the client are captured in the backend database. The ClearQuest Designer is currently only available for Microsoft Windows._NEWLINE_All clients talk to the backend databases via ODBC._NEWLINE_Clients are available for Microsoft Windows, Linux, AIX, HP-UX and Solaris operating systems.
ClearQuest is designed to be used with other Rational Software testing tools, such as IBM Rational Performance Tester, IBM Rational Functional Tester and IBM Rational Manual Tester. ClearQuest also provides a robust environment for software quality assurance._NEWLINE_Using the Rational ClearQuest Bridge in IBM Rational Team Concert, you can work with your ClearQuest records in an agile development environment._NEWLINE_The tool can also be linked to Microsoft Project to create ordered steps for resources assigned to specific goals._NEWLINE_ClearQuest also integrates well with IBM Rational ClearCase/UCM revision control system. This allows to correlate source code sets or activities with ClearQuest records (i.e. bugs), simplifying some aspects of bug tracking and source code management._NEWLINE_IBM sells a supplementary product called ClearQuest MultiSite to allow ClearQuest databases to be synchronized, for example between two or more company offices potentially located in different countries._NEWLINE_ClearQuest can be configured to perform user authentication utilizing LDAP.
Rewire 2019_NEWLINE_Actress & Young Paint / Adam Harper / Alex Zhang Hungtai / All Sounds Considered / Anat Spiegel / Andrea Belfi & Valerio Tricoli / Angel Bat Dawid / Angel-Ho / Animistic Beliefs / Anna Mikkola / Annelies Monseré / Ash Koosha / Astrid Sonne / Aurélie Nyirabikali Lierman & But What About / Bamba Pana & Makaveli / Bill Orcutt / Bob Sturm / CCL / Chris Corsano & Bill Orcutt / Clara! Y Maoupa / Creative Sound Lab / CTM / CURL / De Methode / Diamanda Dramm / Dianne Verdonk / Doon Kanda / Elaine Mitchener / Eli Keszler / Emmanuel Biard / Enrique Manjavacas / Federico Campagna / Flohio / Foodman / Free Fall Improvisers Orchestra / Geomancer / Giant Swan / Haron & Anne Veinberg / Henry Vega & Jan Willem Troost / Iona Fortune & NYX / Ipek Gorgun / Jasmín / Jason Sharp / Jennifer Walshe & Memo Akten / Jesse Osborne-Lanthier / Jessica Pratt / Jessica Sligter / Jlin & Company Wayne McGregor / John Bence / Julia Holter Duo / Justin Bennett / Kampire / Kelly Moran / Kit Downes & Ensemble Klang / Lafawndah / Laura Agnusdei / Laurel Halo / Lotic / Low / Lucrecia Dalt & Alessandra Leone / Maria W Horn / Mark Fell / Mark IJzerman / Maurice Louca Elephantine Band / Mette Henriette / Mick Grierson / Mohammad Reza Mortazavi / Nicolás Jaar & Group / Nicolás Jaar presents Free 2 Move / Niels Broos & Jamie Peet / No history in a room filled with people with funny names 5 / Nosedrip / Obol Le / Otim Alpha / Party on the CAPS / Patrick Higgins / Pierre Bastien & Tomaga / Puce Mary / RAFF / Rebecca Fiebrink / Red Brut / Refree / Rian Treanor / Róisín Loughran / Sébastien Robert / Sega Bodega / Sinjin Hawke & Zora Jones / Sosena Gebre Eyesus / Sote / Spekki Webu / Spinifex / Stekkerdoos / Tanya Tagaq / Tashi Wada Group / Thor Magnusson / Tim Hecker & Konoyo Ensemble / Tirzah / upsammy / Violet / vtgnike / Walled Unwalled / William Basinski & Lawrence English / Xiu Xiu / YEK: Mohammad Reza Mortazavi & Burnt Friedman / Yona ft. Ash Koosha / Yves Tumor / Zeno van den Broek / Zoe Reddy _NEWLINE_Rewire 2018_NEWLINE_AMMAR 808 / Antenes / Arto Lindsay & Zs / Avalon Emerson / Beatriz Ferreyra / Ben Vince / Boi Mesa / Carmen & Matthew Schoen / Chino Amobi / Clifford Sage / CocoonDance / Daniel O'Sullivan & Dream Lion Ensemble / Deena Abdelwahed / E. Jane / Ellen Arkbro + Zinc & Copper / Elysia Crampton / FAKA / Fatima Al Qadiri / Floating Points / Frances Morgan / Gagi Petrovic / Gary Hill / Glice & Dieter Vandoren / Golden Retriever / Identified Patient / Irreversible Entanglements / Ivan Vukosavljević & Il Hoon Son / JASSS / James Holden & The Animal Spirits / Jasper Stadhouders' Polyband / Jeremy Gilbert / Ji Youn Kang / Jon Davies / Joshua Abrams & Natural Information Society / Juju & Jordash / Juliana Huxtable / Kaitlyn Aurelia Smith / Kareem Lotfy / Karen Gwyer / Kepla / LYZZA / Lanark Artefax / Laura Agnusdei / Laurence Pike / Laurie Anderson / Le poème électronique / Legacy Russell / Lori Napoleon / MHYSA / Marija Bozinovska Jones / Maryam Saleh, Maurice Louca & Tamer Abu Ghazaleh / Mia Zabelka, James Plotkin and Benjamin Finger / Music Hackspace / Mykki Blanco / Nadah El Shazly / Nadia Struiwigh / New Emergences / Nina Kraviz / Ninos Du Brasil / Oberman / Oceanic / PAUS / Panda Bear / Park Jiha / Paul Twin / Quantum Natives / Ragazze Quartet / Raphael Vanoli / Royal Conservatoire String Ensemble / Rupert Clervaux & Ben Vince / SCRAAATCH / Širom / SUUNS / Stephan Meidell / Sugai Ken / Sven Kacirek / Syncom Data / The Hague Record Fair / The Music of Stranger Things by Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein / The School of Noise / The Thing / Tom Rogerson / Tristan Perich / UUUU / Umfang / Underbelly Books & Vinyl / Vicky Chow / Visionist + Pedro Maia / Volvox / Yon Eta / ZA! / Zimpel/Ziolek / Ziúr _NEWLINE_Rewire 2017_NEWLINE_Adele Cutting / AGF & Kubra Khademi / Anni Nöps / Arca & Jesse Kanda / Aurora Halal / Baiba Yurkevich / Bertus Gerssen / Blanck Mass / CAO / Carla dal Forno / Cloud Becomes Your Hand / Concertzender Live / Croatian Amor / Daniel Lanois / Daniel Wohl + Slagwerk Den Haag + Matangi Quartet / Darien Brito / Das Ensemble Ohne Eigenschaften / David Housden / Dazion / DSR Lines / Forest Swords / Gábor Lázár / GAIKA / Greg Fox / Helena Hauff / HOEK & Dieter Vandoren / Horse Lords / Igor C Silva & Trash Panda Collective / Jace Clayton / Jace Clayton presents Uproot / Jameszoo Quintet / Jeff Mills & Tony Allen / Jessy Lanza / John Broomhall / Kassel Jaeger / Kassem Mosse / Kobe van Cauwenberghe / Lorenzo Senni / Moor Mother / N.M.O. / NAH / Nimbus 3000 / Oliver Coates / Paul Weir / Pete Harden & Ensemble Klang / Peter Zinovieff & Lucy Railton / Pharmakon / Pussy Mothers / Radian / 2017 DJ-team / Ryan Teague Ensemble / S.T. Cordell / Sarathy Korwar / Sex Swing / SHXCXCHCXSH / Slowdive / Smudged Toads / SØS Gunver Ryberg / SUMS: Kangding Ray & Barry Burns (Mogwai) / Swans / The Chi Factory/ Peter Zinovieff / These Hidden Hands / This Is Not This Heat / Tony Conrad / Torus & Nikki Hock / Wing / Waclaw Zimpel / Willem Marijs + Gert-Jan Prins + Peter van Bergen / Wolf Eyes / Zs_NEWLINE_Rewire 2016_NEWLINE_Alessandro Bosetti / Amnesia Scanner / Animal Collective / Anna Meredith / Ash Koosha / Babyfather / Bas van Huizen / Battles / Beatrice Dillon / Ben UFO / Brokenchord / Chris Watson / Cocktail Party Effect / Colleen / Elektrovolt / Emily Wells / Ensemble Economique / Factory Floor / Félicia Atkinson / Gazelle Twin: Kingdom Come / Gebben / Gerri Jäger / Glice / Hilde Marie Holsen / In Code [Wentink, Snoei, Hulskamp] / ITPDWIP / J(ay).A.D / James Holden & Maalem Houssam Guinia / James Welburn / Jlin / Kaitlyn Aurelia Smith / Kara-Lis Coverdale + MFO / Lakker present Struggle & Emerge / Lena Willikens / Leo Svirsky / Lussuria / Matana Roberts / Mica Levi & Stargaze present Under The Skin / Michel Banabila & Oene van Geel / Mikael Seifu / Mykki Blanco / Norberto Lobo & João Lobo Sextet / Not Waving / Olivier Messiaen: Pierre Henry - Timbres-durées / Peverelist / Pierre Alexandre Tremblay / Poppy Ackroyd / Ricardo Donoso / Roly Porter & MFO / Royal Conservatoire presents KHZ kollektiv / Teho Teardo & Blixa Bargeld / Total Freedom / Truss / Vessel + Black Rain + Pete Swanson / Via App / Xiu Xiu plays Twin Peaks_NEWLINE_Rewire 2015_NEWLINE_96wlrd / Aïsha Devi / Akka / Alessandro Cortini / Antenna / Blue Daisy / Bronze Teeth / Casperelectronics / Chris Corsano & Mette Rasmussen / Cliff Lothar / Cloudface / Dandana / De Tuinen / DJ Sniff / DJ Stingray / Evian Christ / Fetter / FilosofischeStilte / Gaby Felten / Garoeda / Gerben Louw / Gnod / Godspeed You! Black Emperor / Grouper / Gut & Irmler / HOEK / Holly Herndon / IVVVO / Jac Berrocal + David Fenech + Vincent Epplay / Jenny Hval & Susanna / Julianna Barwick Expanded / Klankman / Leslie Nagel / Lorn / Marsman / Mbongwana Star / MGBG / Mischa Daams / Neneh Cherry & Rocketnumbernine / Omer Eilam / Oren Ambarchi / Organisms / Paul Panhuysen / Pearson Sound / Powell / Ron Morelli / RP Boo / Sara Pape García / Saskia Lankhoorn / Kate Moore / Shabazz Palaces / Shit and Shine / Siinai / Sima Kim / Stoka Ensemble / Svengalisghost / TCF / The Bug / The Cult of Dom Keller / The Void Pointers / Thomas Ankersmit / Tomaga / Tomas Järmyr / Total Life / Unit Moebius Anonymous / Yara van der Velden / Yodok III_NEWLINE_Rewire 2014_NEWLINE_James Holden presents The Inheritors live / Tatu Rönkkö & Efterklang / Henrik Schwarz & Nik Bärtsch / Colin Stetson / Bohren & der Club of Gore / Simian Mobile Disco / Gold Panda / The Field / Herman Kolgen & Bl!ndman / Vessel / Ital / Jozef van Wissem / Chantal Acda / DNMF [Dead Neanderthals & Machinefabriek] / Maarten Vos & Greg Haines / Gardland / Albert van Abbe / Fiium Shaarrk / Klara Lewis / Hydras Dream (Anna von Hausswolff & Matti Bye) / Wanda Group / Greg Haines solo / Koreless / Dauwd / Von Nohrfeldt Ensemble / Lee Gamble / Siinai / Noveller / Valerio Tricoli / Drvg Cvltvre / Will Samson / Lee Noble / Bram Stadhouders / KRK / Aron Birtalan / Moritz Alive / Geritz / Kaffa / Void of Sound / Dotlights / Wouter van Veldhoven / Cabaret Contemporain / Inga Copeland / Kode9_NEWLINE_Rewire 2013_NEWLINE_751 / Baths / Black Marble / Cloud Boat / Food + Fennesz / Holly Herndon / Iceage / Intergalactic Gary / James Ferraro / Jerusalem in My Heart / Julia Holter / Kelpe / Lone [cancelled ]/ Loyu / Lucrecia Dalt / Lumisokea / Modeselektor / Moon Ate the Dark / Nathan Fake / Nils Petter Molvær & Moritz von Oswald / Ricardo Villalobos & Max Loderbauer present Re:ECM live / Seams / Stellar OM Source / Still Serious Nic / Tape / The KVB / Traxx / Valgeir Sigurðsson _NEWLINE_Rewire 2012_NEWLINE_Alberto Novello a.k.a. JesterN / Alex Smoke presents Wraetlic / Black Rain / Deaf Center / DIIV / Errors / Filosofische Stilte /Handsome Thomas & Still Serious Nic / Henry Vega & Anat Spiegel / H-SIK / Halls / Jacob 2-2 /  Juffage / Kangding Ray / Knalpot / Kreng / Laurel Halo / Legowelt / Lichens / Lotus Plaza / Lukid / Mark du Mosch / Micachu & The Shapes / Nosaj Thing [cancelled] / Palmbomen live / patten / Pete Swanson / Presk / Rocketnumbernine / Shackleton / Some Clouds / Stelios Manousakis / Torus / Xosar / Young Magic _NEWLINE_Rewire 2011_NEWLINE_Andy Stott / Applescal / Bomb Diggy Crew / Comfort Fit / Dagga Dagga / Daniel Haaksman / Dirty Beaches / Dorian Concept / Eklin / Holy Other / Hype Williams / I am Oak / Juha / Kuedo / Martyn / Narain Ashad / Nils Frahm & Anne Müller / oOoOO / Patrice Bäumel / Peter Broderick & Machinefabriek / Plaid / Rustie / Sylvain Chauveau / Tonik / Tropics / Vondelpark / Walls / Washed Out
In Camborne, outside the public library, a statue by Leonard Stanford Merrifield depicting Trevithick holding one of his small-scale models was unveiled in 1932 by Prince George, Duke of Kent, in front of a crowd of thousands of local people._NEWLINE_On 17 March 2007, Dartford Borough Council invited the Chairman of the Trevithick Society, Phil Hosken, to unveil a Blue Plaque at the Royal Victoria and Bull hotel (formerly The Bull) marking Trevithick's last years in Dartford and the place of his death in 1833. The Blue Plaque is prominently displayed on the Hotel's front facade. There is also a plaque at Holy Trinity Church._NEWLINE_The Cardiff University Engineering, Computer Science and Physics departments are based around the Trevithick Building which also holds the Trevithick Library, named after Richard Trevithick._NEWLINE_In Gower Street in London, on the wall of the University College building, an elaborate wall plaque carries the legend: "Close to this place Richard Trevithick (Born 1771 – Died 1833) Pioneer of High Pressure Steam ran in the year 1808 the first steam locomotive to draw passengers." It was erected by "The Trevithick Centenary Memorial Committee"._NEWLINE_One of the oldest depictions of Saint Piran's Flag can be seen in a stained glass window at Westminster Abbey, 1888, commemorating Richard Trevithick. The window depicts St Michael at the top and nine Cornish saints, Piran, Petroc, Pinnock, Germanus, Julian, Cyriacus, Constantine, Nonna and Geraint in tiers below. The head of St Piran appears to be a portrait of Trevithick himself and the figure carries the banner of Cornwall._NEWLINE_There is a plaque and memorial situated in Abercynon, outside the fire station. It says "In commemoration of the achievements of Richard Trevithick who having constructed the first steam locomotive did on February 21st 1804 successfully hail 10 tons of iron and numerous passengers along a tramroad from Merthyr to this precinct where was situated the loading point of the Glamorgan Canal". There is also a building in Abercynon called Ty Trevithick (Trevithick House), named in his honour._NEWLINE_A replica of Trevithick's first full-size steam road locomotive was first displayed at Camborne Trevithick Day 2001, the day chosen for the celebration of Trevithick’s public demonstration of the use of high-pressure steam. The team consisting of John Woodward, Mark Rivron and Sean Oliver, have continued to maintain and display the engine at various steam fairs across the country. The Puffing Devil has proudly led the parade of steam engines at every subsequent Trevithick day up to and including 2014._NEWLINE_Trevithick Drive in Temple Hill, Dartford, was named after Richard Trevithick.
Wireless modules are the component of an M2M device which produce, transmit and decode data over a cellular network. There are two basic wireless networks for which modules and M2M solutions are developed – GSM and CDMA. It can be differentiated by the cellular standard (GSM/UMTS/CDMA), the cellular data standards (GSM, UMTS, GPRS, EDGE, HSDPA), as well as by technologies (Java, GPS, SIM access profile). It is always used in a poor environment, so there’s always a high demand on the quality and reliability of wireless modules.
Segoe (/ˈsiːɡoʊ/ SEE-goh) is a typeface, or family of fonts, that is best known for its use by Microsoft. The company uses Segoe in its online and printed marketing materials, including recent logos for a number of products. Additionally, the Segoe UI font sub-family is used by numerous Microsoft applications, and may be installed by applications (such as Microsoft Office 2007 and Windows Live Messenger 2009). It was adopted as Microsoft's default operating system font beginning with Windows Vista, and is also used on outlook.com, Microsoft's web-based email service. In August 2012, Microsoft unveiled its new corporate logo typeset in Segoe, replacing the logo it had used for the previous 25 years._NEWLINE_The Segoe name is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation, although the typeface was originally developed by Monotype.
In 2004, Microsoft registered certain Segoe and Segoe Italic fonts as original font designs with the European Union trademark and design office. The German font foundry Linotype protested, citing Segoe UI's similarity to its licensed Frutiger family of typefaces.  In its submission to the EU, Microsoft claimed that Linotype had failed to prove that it had been selling Frutiger and Frutiger Next prior to 2004._NEWLINE_The EU rejected these claims, and in February 2006 the EU revoked Microsoft's registration. Microsoft did not appeal the decision. Microsoft still holds United States design patents to various Segoe based fonts._NEWLINE_During the same period, in late 2004, after six years under the Agfa Corporation, the Monotype assets were acquired by TA Associates and the company was incorporated as Monotype Imaging.  Later, in August 2006, Monotype Imaging acquired Linotype.  So at the end of 2006, Linotype, the company that had challenged the validity of Microsoft's Segoe patents, was a wholly owned subsidiary of Monotype, the company that had originally licensed Segoe to Microsoft._NEWLINE_Several letters have distinctly different forms in Segoe UI and Frutiger, reflecting Segoe UI's different intended use: low-resolution screen display, rather than airport signage (Frutiger). However, Ulrich Stiehl asserts that many of these differences were introduced in later versions of Segoe UI – earlier versions of Segoe UI were closer to Frutiger._NEWLINE_On June 7, 2005 Scala, an electronic signage company (unrelated to the typeface FF Scala), announced that Segoe was being removed from its InfoChannel product "due to licensing issues". Scala replaced Segoe with Bitstream Vera fonts._NEWLINE_In November 2005, Simon Daniels, a program manager in Microsoft's typography group, stated that "The original Segoe fonts were not created for or by Microsoft. It was an existing Monotype design which we licensed and extensively extended and customized to meet the requirements of different processes, apps and devices."_NEWLINE_In April 2006, a Microsoft public relations spokesperson, who asked not to be named, stated:_NEWLINE_Segoe was an original design developed by Agfa Monotype (now Monotype Imaging) in 2000. In 2003, we acquired the original Segoe fonts and used them to develop an extended family of fonts retaining the Segoe name. Many of these new fonts received design patent protection in the United States. Segoe was not derived from Frutiger. Microsoft also has a current up-to-date license that allows us to distribute certain Frutiger fonts in connection with Microsoft products including Office and Windows. There are distinct differences between Segoe and Frutiger. Additionally, unlike clone typefaces, the Segoe family of fonts are not metrically compatible with Frutiger so cannot be used as replacements._NEWLINE_Under United States copyright law, the abstract letter shapes of functional text fonts cannot be copyrighted; only the computer programming code in a font is given copyright protection.  This makes the production and distribution of clone fonts possible._NEWLINE_An early version of Segoe, possibly an evaluation version, was included with certain versions of SuSE Linux, but no longer ships as part of that operating system.
The accepted hypothesis of XY and ZW sex chromosome evolution is that they evolved at the same time, in two different branches. However, there is some evidence to suggest that there could have been transitions between ZW and XY, such as in Xiphophorus maculatus, which have both ZW and XY systems in the same population, despite the fact that ZW and XY have different gene locations. A recent theoretical model raises the possibility of both transitions between the XY/XX and ZZ/ZW system and environmental sex determination The platypus' genes also back up the possible evolutionary link between XY and ZW, because they have the DMRT1 gene possessed by birds on their X chromosomes. Regardless, XY and ZW follow a similar route. All sex chromosomes started out as an original autosome of an original amniote that relied upon temperature to determine the sex of offspring. After the mammals separated, the branch further split into Lepidosauria and Archosauromorpha. These two groups both evolved the ZW system separately, as evidenced by the existence of different sex chromosomal locations. In mammals, one of the autosome pair, now Y, mutated its SOX3 gene into the SRY gene, causing that chromosome to designate sex. After this mutation, the SRY-containing chromosome inverted and was no longer completely homologous with its partner. The regions of the X and Y chromosomes that are still homologous to one another are known as the pseudoautosomal region. Once it inverted, the Y chromosome became unable to remedy deleterious mutations, and thus degenerated. There is some concern that the Y chromosome will shrink further and stop functioning in ten million years: but the Y chromosome has been strictly conserved after its initial rapid gene loss._NEWLINE_There are some species, such as the medaka fish, that evolved sex chromosomes separately; their Y chromosome never inverted and can still swap genes with the X. These species' sex chromosomes are relatively primitive and unspecialized. Because the Y does not have male-specific genes and can interact with the X, XY and YY females can be formed as well as XX males. Non-inverted Y chromosomes with long histories are found in Python snakes and emus, each system being more than 120 million years old, suggesting that inversions are not necessarily an eventuality.
By the evening of the 24th the Promoters were confident enough to call a senior ministerial meeting. In the meeting Pridi tried to persuade senior civil servants to support the Khana Ratsadon, asking them for support and telling them to remain united, lest the semblance of confusion lead to foreign intervention. Pridi asked the foreign ministry to dispatch to all foreign missions a document stating that the party was committed to protecting foreign lives and business and to fulfilling Siam's treaty obligations._NEWLINE_King Prajadhipok returned to Bangkok on 26 June. His first immediate action was to give a royal audience to the Promoters. As the members entered the room the king rose and greeted them by saying: "I rise in honour of the Khana Ratsadon". It was an extremely significant gesture, as in Siamese culture the king always remains seated when their subjects offer homage, not the reverse. This led to Pridi apologising to the monarch for defaming him in the manifesto; subsequently, all known copies were pulled from circulation. The king responded to this act by affixing his royal seal on a document exonerating all members of the Khana Ratsadon for the coup._NEWLINE_The Khana Ratsadon then released all their hostages with the exception of Prince Paribatra, whom they considered too powerful. They asked him to leave the country instead. He later left for Java, never to return and died in Bandung in 1944. Other princes went into voluntary exile in other Southeast Asian countries, and some others in Europe._NEWLINE_In the immediate aftermath of the revolution, Prajadhipok and the Khana Ratsadon immediately set about granting the Siamese people their first constitution. The temporary charter was signed on 27 June 1932 at 17:00. It was a draft document written by Pridi in advance. The constitution began by announcing that: "the highest power in the land belongs to all people." The constitution basically stripped the king of all of his ancient powers such as his power of veto, power of pardon, and the right to even confirm his own successor and heir. The constitution removed the monarchy's powers, without actually abolishing the office itself. The constitution created a People's Committee (คณะกรรมการราษฎร, the executive) and an Assembly of People's Representatives (รัฐสภาผู้แทนราษฎร) made up of 70 appointed Members._NEWLINE_"Democracy" for Siam was, however, to be given to the people in installments, three to be precise. First, assembly members were to be appointed by no other than the Four Musketeers (the military). They would exercise power on behalf of the people, and their first session was to last six months. Second, a period when the mostly ignorant populace would learn about democracy and elections; the assembly would then be changed to be composed of half appointed members (again by the Musketeers) and the other half through indirect representation. These candidates must, of course, have been examined by the Khana Ratsadon before any election. Third, and finally, the charter stated that full democratic representation in the assembly could only be achieved at the end of ten years or when more than half of the populace had gone through primary education, whichever was achieved first._NEWLINE_The first session of the People's Assembly convened in the Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall on 28 June 1932. The charter however did not last long. By the end of the year a new more moderate permanent constitution would be signed, on 10 December. This constitution eventually gave back to monarch many powers it had lost in the previous charter, the monarchy was once again held "sacred and inviolable". The Assembly of People's Representatives was expanded to include 156 members, 78 elected and 78 appointed. The democratic restrictions were removed and the government scheduled Siam's first election in October 1933.
Similarity learning is an area of supervised machine learning in artificial intelligence. It is closely related to regression and classification, but the goal is to learn from a similarity function that measures how similar or related two objects are. It has applications in ranking, in recommendation systems,  _NEWLINE_visual identity tracking, face verification, and speaker verification.
Similarity learning is closely related to distance metric learning. Metric learning is the task of learning a distance function over objects. A metric or distance function has to obey four axioms: non-negativity, identity of indiscernibles, symmetry and subadditivity (or the triangle inequality). In practice, metric learning algorithms ignore the condition of identity of indiscernibles and learn a pseudo-metric._NEWLINE_When the objects  are vectors in , then any matrix  in the symmetric positive semi-definite cone  defines a distance pseudo-metric of the space of x through the form . When  is a symmetric positive definite matrix,  is a metric. Moreover, as any symmetric positive semi-definite matrix  can be decomposed as  where  and , the distance function  can be rewritten equivalently . The distance  corresponds to the Euclidean distance between the projected feature vectors  and . _NEWLINE_Some well-known approaches for metric learning include Large margin nearest neighbor, Information theoretic metric learning (ITML)._NEWLINE_In statistics, the covariance matrix of the data is sometimes used to define a distance metric called Mahalanobis distance.
Similarity learning is used in information retrieval for learning to rank, in face verification or face identification, and in recommendation systems. Also, many machine learning approaches rely on some metric. This includes unsupervised learning such as clustering, which groups together close or similar objects. It also includes supervised approaches like K-nearest neighbor algorithm which rely on labels of nearby objects to decide on the label of a new object. Metric learning has been proposed as a preprocessing step for many of these approaches.
On 10 May 2011, Microsoft Corporation acquired Skype Communications, S.à r.l for US$8.5 billion. The company was incorporated as a division of Microsoft, which acquired all its technologies with the purchase. The acquisition was completed on 13 October 2011._NEWLINE_Shortly after its acquisition, Microsoft began integrating the Skype service with its own products. Along with taking over development of existing Skype desktop and mobile apps, the company developed a dedicated client app for its then-newly-released, touch-focused Windows 8 and Windows RT operating systems. They were made available from Windows Store when the then-new OS launched on 26 October 2012. The following year, it became the default messaging app for Windows 8.1, replacing the Windows 8 Messaging app at the time, and became pre-installed software on every device that came with or upgraded to 8.1._NEWLINE_Furthermore, Microsoft discontinued two of its own products in favor of Skype: in a month-long transition period from 8 to 30 April 2013, Microsoft phased out its long-standing Windows Live Messenger instant messaging service in favor of Skype, although Messenger continued in mainland China. On 11 November 2014, Microsoft announced that in 2015, Lync would be replaced by Skype for Business. The latest version of the communication software combines features of Lync and the consumer Skype software. There are two user interfaces – organizations can switch their users from the default Skype for Business interface to the Lync interface.
Third-party developers, such as Truphone, Nimbuzz, and Fring, previously allowed Skype to run in parallel with several other competing VoIP/IM networks (Truphone and Nimbuzz provide TruphoneOut and NimbuzzOut as a competing paid service) in any Symbian or Java environment. Nimbuzz made Skype available to BlackBerry users and Fring provided mobile video calling over Skype as well as support for the Android platform. Skype disabled Fring users from accessing Skype in July 2010. Nimbuzz discontinued support on request of Skype in October 2010._NEWLINE_Before and during the Microsoft acquisition, Skype withdrew licensing from several third parties producing software and hardware compatible with Skype. The Skype for Asterisk product from Digium was withdrawn as "no longer available for sale". The Senao SN358+ long-range (10–15 km) cordless phone was discontinued due to loss of licenses to participate in the Skype network as peers. In combination, these two products made it possible to create roaming cordless mesh networks with a robust handoff.
Skype 2.x used G.729, Skype 3.2 introduced SVOPC, and Skype 4.0 added a Skype-created codec called SILK, intended to be "lightweight and embeddable". Additionally, Skype has released Opus as an open-source codec, which integrates the SILK codec principles for voice transmission with the CELT codec principles for higher-quality audio transmissions, such as live music performances. Opus was submitted to the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) in September 2010. Since then, it has been standardized as RFC 6716.
Skype was claimed initially to be a secure communication, with one of its early web pages stating "highly secure with end-to-end encryption". Security services were invisible to the user, and encryption cannot be disabled. Skype reportedly uses publicly documented, widely trusted encryption techniques: RSA for key negotiation and the Advanced Encryption Standard to encrypt conversations. However, it is impossible to verify that these algorithms are used correctly, completely, and at all times, as there is no public review possible without a protocol specification and/or the app source code. Skype provides an uncontrolled registration system for users with no proof of identity. Instead, a free choice of nicknames permits users to use the system without revealing their identities to other users. It is trivial to set up an account using any name; the displayed caller's name is no guarantee of authenticity. A third-party paper analyzing the security and methodology of Skype was presented at Black Hat Europe 2006. It analyzed Skype and found a number of security issues with the then-current security model._NEWLINE_Skype incorporates some features which tend to hide its traffic, but it is not specifically designed to thwart traffic analysis and therefore does not provide anonymous communication. Some researchers have been able to watermark the traffic so that it is identifiable even after passing through an anonymizing network._NEWLINE_In an interview, Kurt Sauer, the Chief Security Officer of Skype, said, "We provide a safe communication option. I will not tell you whether we can listen or not." This does not deny the fact that the NSA monitors Skype conversations. Skype's client uses an undocumented and proprietary protocol. The Free Software Foundation (FSF) is concerned about user privacy issues arising from using proprietary software and protocols and has made a replacement for Skype one of their high-priority projects. Security researchers Biondi and Desclaux have speculated that Skype may have a back door, since Skype sends traffic even when it is turned off and because Skype has taken extreme measures to obfuscate their traffic and functioning of their app. Several media sources reported that at a meeting about the "Lawful interception of IP based services" held on 25 June 2008, high-ranking unnamed officials at the Austrian interior ministry said that they could listen in on Skype conversations without problems. Austrian public broadcasting service ORF, citing minutes from the meeting, reported that "the Austrian police are able to listen in on Skype connections". Skype declined to comment on the reports. One easily demonstrated method of monitoring is to set up two computers with the same Skype user ID and password. When a message is typed or a call is received on one computer, the second computer duplicates the audio and text. This requires knowledge of the user ID and password._NEWLINE_The United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has interpreted the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) as requiring digital phone networks to allow wiretapping if authorized by an FBI warrant, in the same way as other phone services. In February 2009, Skype said that, not being a telephone company owning phone lines, it is exempt from CALEA and similar laws, which regulate US phone companies, and in fact, it is not clear whether Skype could support wiretapping even if it wanted to. According to the ACLU, the Act is inconsistent with the original intent of the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution; more recently, the ACLU has expressed the concern that the FCC interpretation of the Act is incorrect. It has been suggested that Microsoft made changes to Skype's infrastructure to ease various wiretapping requirements; however, Skype denies the claims._NEWLINE_Some time before Skype was sold in 2009, the company had started its own app, called Project Chess, to explore legal and technical ways to easily share calls with intelligence agencies and law enforcement._NEWLINE_On 20 February 2009, the European Union's Eurojust agency announced that the Italian Desk at Eurojust would "play a key role in the coordination and cooperation of the investigations on the use of internet telephony systems (VoIP), such as 'Skype'. ... The purpose of Eurojust's coordination role is to overcome the technical and judicial obstacles to the interception of internet telephony systems, taking into account the various data protection rules and civil rights"_NEWLINE_In November 2010, a flaw was disclosed to Skype that showed how hackers could secretly track any user's IP address. Due to Skype's peer-to-peer nature, this was a difficult issue to address, but this bug was eventually remedied in a 2016 update._NEWLINE_In 2012, Skype introduced automatic updates to better protect users from security risks but received some challenge from users of the Mac product, as the updates cannot be disabled from version 5.6 on, both on Mac OS and Windows versions, although in the latter, and only from version 5.9 on, automatic updating can be turned off in certain cases._NEWLINE_According to a 2012 Washington Post article, Skype "has expanded its cooperation with law enforcement authorities to make online chats and other user information available to police"; the article additionally mentions Skype made changes to allow authorities access to addresses and credit card numbers._NEWLINE_In November 2012, Skype was reported to have handed over user data of a pro-WikiLeaks activist to Dallas, Texas-based private security company iSIGHT Partners without a warrant or court order. The alleged handover would be a breach of Skype's privacy policy. Skype responded with a statement that it launched an internal investigation to probe the breach of user data privacy._NEWLINE_On 13 November 2012, a Russian user published a flaw in Skype's security, which allowed any person to take over a Skype account knowing only the victim's email by following 7 steps. This vulnerability was claimed to exist for months and existed for more than 12 hours since published widely._NEWLINE_On 14 May 2013, it was documented that a URL sent via a Skype instant messaging session was usurped by the Skype service and subsequently used in a HTTP HEAD query originating from an IP address registered to Microsoft in Redmond (the IP address used was 65.52.100.214). The Microsoft query used the full URL supplied in the IM conversation and was generated by a previously undocumented security service. Security experts speculate the action was triggered by a technology similar to Microsoft's SmartScreen Filter used in its browsers._NEWLINE_The 2013 mass surveillance disclosures revealed that agencies such as the NSA and the FBI have the ability to eavesdrop on Skype, including the monitoring and storage of text and video calls and file transfers. The PRISM surveillance program, which requires FISA court authorization, reportedly has allowed the NSA unfettered access to its data center supernodes. According to the leaked documents, integration work began in November 2010, but it was not until February 2011 that the company was served with a directive to comply signed by the attorney general, with NSA documents showing that collection began on 31 March 2011._NEWLINE_On 10 November 2014, Skype scored 1 out of 7 points on the Electronic Frontier Foundation's secure messaging scorecard. Skype received a point for encryption during transit but lost points because communications are not encrypted with a key the provider doesn't have access to (i.e. the communications are not end-to-end encrypted), users can't verify contacts' identities, past messages are not secure if the encryption keys are stolen (i.e. the service does not provide forward secrecy), the code is not open to independent review (i.e. the code is not open-source), the security design is not properly documented, and there has not been a recent independent security audit. AIM, BlackBerry Messenger, Ebuddy XMS, Hushmail, Kik Messenger, Viber and Yahoo Messenger also scored 1 out of 7 points._NEWLINE_As of August 2018, Skype now supports end-to-end encryption across all platforms.
The implementation of the technology is outlined in the SoulPad software stack, which is a model for the project's layers of abstraction. SoulPad utilizes the Live Linux distribution Knoppix as the "host" operating system; the computer system boots to Knoppix to recognize any devices the system has attached to it. The host then runs the VMware virtual machine, which resumes the user's last session in their operating system.
The Library is stocked with text books and reference books. A period is provided in the school timetable when children are encouraged to read books, under the guidance of the class teacher and the librarian. The library subscribes to daily newspapers, magazines and periodicals._NEWLINE_Laboratories for Physics, Chemistry, Biology and Computer Science are available for the students to perform their practicals according to the CBSE syllabus. An Informatics Practices laboratory exists._NEWLINE_Audio Visual Room :_NEWLINE_Students of Nursery to V are taken to the Audio Visual room once a week.
Stacks entered the computer science literature in 1946, when Alan M. Turing used the terms "bury" and "unbury" as a means of calling and returning from subroutines. Subroutines had already been implemented in Konrad Zuse's Z4 in 1945._NEWLINE_Klaus Samelson and Friedrich L. Bauer of Technical University Munich proposed the idea in 1955 and filed a patent in 1957, and in March 1988 Bauer received the Computer Pioneer Award for the invention of the stack principle. The same concept was developed, independently, by the Australian Charles Leonard Hamblin in the first half of 1954._NEWLINE_Stacks are often described by analogy to a spring-loaded stack of plates in a cafeteria.  Clean plates are placed on top of the stack, pushing down any already there.  When a plate is removed from the stack, the one below it pops up to become the new top.
A stack can be easily implemented either through an array or a linked list. What identifies the data structure as a stack in either case is not the implementation but the interface: the user is only allowed to pop or push items onto the array or linked list, with few other helper operations. The following will demonstrate both implementations, using pseudocode.
Some languages, such as Perl, LISP, JavaScript and Python, make the stack operations push and pop available on their standard list/array types. Some languages, notably those in the Forth family (including PostScript), are designed around language-defined stacks that are directly visible to and manipulated by the programmer._NEWLINE_The following is an example of manipulating a stack in Common Lisp (">" is the Lisp interpreter's prompt; lines not starting with ">" are the interpreter's responses to expressions):_NEWLINE_> (setf stack (list 'a 'b 'c))  ;; set the variable "stack"(A B C)> (pop stack)  ;; get top (leftmost) element, should modify the stackA> stack        ;; check the value of stack(B C)> (push 'new stack)  ;; push a new top onto the stack(NEW B C)_NEWLINE_Several of the C++ Standard Library container types have push_back and pop_back operations with LIFO semantics; additionally, the stack template class adapts existing containers to provide a restricted API with only push/pop operations.  PHP has an SplStack class. Java's library contains a Stack class that is a specialization of Vector.  Following is an example program in Java language, using that class._NEWLINE_import java.util.*;class StackDemo {_NEWLINE_  public static void main(String[]args) {_NEWLINE_    Stack<String> stack = new Stack<String>();_NEWLINE_    stack.push("A");    // Insert "A" in the stack_NEWLINE_    stack.push("B");    // Insert "B" in the stack_NEWLINE_    stack.push("C");    // Insert "C" in the stack_NEWLINE_    stack.push("D");    // Insert "D" in the stack_NEWLINE_    System.out.println(stack.peek());    // Prints the top of the stack ("D")_NEWLINE_    stack.pop();    // removing the top ("D")_NEWLINE_    stack.pop();    // removing the next top ("C")_NEWLINE_  }}
Calculators employing reverse Polish notation use a stack structure to hold values. Expressions can be represented in prefix, postfix or infix notations and conversion from one form to another may be accomplished using a stack. Many compilers use a stack for parsing the syntax of expressions, program blocks etc. before translating into low level code. Most programming languages are context-free languages, allowing them to be parsed with stack based machines.
Another important application of stacks is backtracking. Consider a simple example of finding the correct path in a maze. There are a series of points, from the starting point to the destination. We start from one point. To reach the final destination, there are several paths. Suppose we choose a random path. After following a certain path, we realise that the path we have chosen is wrong. So we need to find a way by which we can return to the beginning of that path. This can be done with the use of stacks. With the help of stacks, we remember the point where we have reached. This is done by pushing that point into the  stack. In case we end up on the wrong path, we can pop the last point from the stack and thus return to the last point and continue our quest to find the right path. This is called backtracking._NEWLINE_The prototypical example of a backtracking algorithm is depth-first search, which finds all vertices of a graph that can be reached from a specified starting vertex._NEWLINE_Other applications of backtracking involve searching through spaces that represent potential solutions to an optimization problem. Branch and bound is a technique for performing such backtracking searches without exhaustively searching all of the potential solutions in such a space.
A number of programming languages are stack-oriented, meaning they define most basic operations (adding two numbers, printing a character) as taking their arguments from the stack, and placing any return values back on the stack. For example, PostScript has a return stack and an operand stack, and also has a graphics state stack and a dictionary stack. Many virtual machines are also stack-oriented, including the p-code machine and the Java Virtual Machine._NEWLINE_Almost all calling conventions‍—‌the ways in which subroutines receive their parameters and return results‍—‌use a special stack (the "call stack") to hold information about procedure/function calling and nesting in order to switch to the context of the called function and restore to the caller function when the calling finishes. The functions follow a runtime protocol between caller and callee to save arguments and return value on the stack. Stacks are an important way of supporting nested or recursive function calls. This type of stack is used implicitly by the compiler to support CALL and RETURN statements (or their equivalents) and is not manipulated directly by the programmer._NEWLINE_Some programming languages use the stack to store data that is local to a procedure. Space for local data items is allocated from the stack when the procedure is entered, and is deallocated when the procedure exits. The C programming language is typically implemented in this way. Using the same stack for both data and procedure calls has important security implications (see below) of which a programmer must be aware in order to avoid introducing serious security bugs into a program.
Some computing environments use stacks in ways that may make them vulnerable to security breaches and attacks.  Programmers working in such environments must take special care to avoid the pitfalls of these implementations._NEWLINE_For example, some programming languages use a common stack to store both data local to a called procedure and the linking information that allows the procedure to return to its caller.  This means that the program moves data into and out of the same stack that contains critical return addresses for the procedure calls.  If data is moved to the wrong location on the stack, or an oversized data item is moved to a stack location that is not large enough to contain it, return information for procedure calls may be corrupted, causing the program to fail._NEWLINE_Malicious parties may attempt a stack smashing attack that takes advantage of this type of implementation by providing oversized data input to a program that does not check the length of input.  Such a program may copy the data in its entirety to a location on the stack, and in so doing it may change the return addresses for procedures that have called it.  An attacker can experiment to find a specific type of data that can be provided to such a program such that the return address of the current procedure is reset to point to an area within the stack itself (and within the data provided by the attacker), which in turn contains instructions that carry out unauthorized operations._NEWLINE_This type of attack is a variation on the buffer overflow attack and is an extremely frequent source of security breaches in software, mainly because some of the most popular compilers use a shared stack for both data and procedure calls, and do not verify the length of data items.  Frequently programmers do not write code to verify the size of data items, either, and when an oversized or undersized data item is copied to the stack, a security breach may occur.
A stack register is a computer central processor register whose purpose is to keep track of a call stack. On an accumulator-based architecture machine, this may be a dedicated register such as SP on an Intel x86 machine. On a general register machine, it may be a register which is reserved by convention, such as on the PDP-11 or RISC machines. Some designs such as the Data General Eclipse had no dedicated register, but used a reserved hardware memory address for this function._NEWLINE_Machines before the late 1960s—such as the PDP-8 and HP 2100—did not have compilers which supported recursion. Their subroutine instructions typically would save the current location in the jump address, and then set the program counter to the next address. While this is simpler than maintaining a stack, since there is only one return location per subroutine code section, there cannot be recursion without considerable effort on the part of the programmer._NEWLINE_A stack machine has 2 or more stack registers — one of them keeps track of a call stack, the other(s) keep track of other stack(s).
The TalkOrigins Archive began in 1994 when Brett J. Vickers collected several separately posted FAQs from the talk.origins newsgroup and made them available from a single anonymous FTP site. In 1995, Vickers, then a computer science graduate student at the University of California at Irvine, created the TalkOrigins Archive web site. In 2001, Vickers transferred the TalkOrigins Archive to Wesley R. Elsberry, who organized a group of volunteers to handle the maintenance of the Archive._NEWLINE_In 2004, Kenneth Fair incorporated the TalkOrigins Foundation as a Texas 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. The Foundation's purposes include funding and maintaining the TalkOrigins Archive and holding copyrights to Archive articles, thereby simplifying the process of reprinting and updating those articles. The copyright issue has posed a particular problem since the FAQs started off as a small collection with little thought given to copyright but have since mushroomed. In 2005, the Foundation was granted tax-exempt status by the IRS.
TPS focuses on the most interesting part of the simulation, the transition. For example, an initially unfolded protein will vibrate for a long time in an open-string configuration before undergoing a transition and fold on itself. The aim of the method is to reproduce precisely those folding moments._NEWLINE_Consider in general a system with two stable states A and B. The system will spend a long time in those states and occasionally jump from one to the other. There are many ways in which the transition can take place. Once a probability is assigned to each of the many pathways, one can construct a Monte Carlo random walk in the path space of the transition trajectories, and thus generate the ensemble of all transition paths. All the relevant information can then be extracted from the ensemble, such as the reaction mechanism, the transition states, and the rate constants._NEWLINE_Given an initial path, TPS provides some algorithms to perturb that path and create a new one.  As in all Monte Carlo walks, the new path will then be accepted or rejected in order to have the correct path probability. The procedure is iterated and the ensemble is gradually sampled._NEWLINE_A powerful and efficient algorithm is the so-called shooting move. Consider the case of a classical many-body system described by coordinates r and momenta p. Molecular dynamics generates a path as a set of (rₜ, pₜ) at discrete times t in [0,T] where T is the length of the path. For a transition from A to B, (r₀, p₀) is in A, and (rT, pT) is in B. One of the path times is chosen at random, the momenta p are modified slightly into p + δp, where δp is a random perturbation consistent with system constraints, e.g. conservation of energy and linear and angular momentum. A new trajectory is then simulated from this point, both backward and forward in time until one of the states is reached. Being in a transition region, this will not take long. If the new path still connects A to B it is accepted, otherwise it is rejected and the procedure starts again.
About twenty five of the successful students, who have not been invited before, are invited to summer camp. In this two-week-long camp, the participants are taught C language as well as fundamental algorithmic knowledge. The attitude and progress of the students are recorded for future decisions about the selection of the national team.
The medalists as well as some other successful participants are invited to the winter camp. In this camp, students are taught in the branches of combinatorics, computer game theory, advanced algorithms and data structures. The progress of the students as well as completion of the given homework and problems are watched carefully. Progress in the camp, success in the test at the end of the camp as well as success in two-day-long team selection test are the criteria for the national team.
A sequel, titled Unity of Command 2, is currently in development. One of the more visible changes will be a transition from 2D to 3D graphics. Another requirement would be a 64-bit operating system. Another notable gameplay mechanic added is fog of war.
In October 1964, the first 122 students arrived with 28 teaching staff in three schools: Comparative Studies, Physical Sciences and Social Studies. Departments of Chemistry, Physics, Government, Sociology, Literature, Mathematics and Economics opened along with the Language Centre (later the Department of Language and Linguistics) and the Computing Centre (later the Department of Computer Science and Electronic Engineering) with Denis Mesure elected as the first President of the Students' Council. Work started on the first residential tower, Rayleigh, in December with The Queen approving the grant of Charter to take effect from 11 January 1965._NEWLINE_1965 brought 399 students enrolling for the start of the new academic year; the number of academic staff more than doubled to 61; and the first degrees, five MSc and five MA degrees were awarded. The Physics building opened and the first six floors of Rayleigh tower were ready for occupation, while work began on the Albert Sloman Library. The first female lecturer was appointed: Dorothy E. Smith in the Department of Sociology. In December, University Court met for the first time with around 500 members. Six months later, work started on the Lecture Theatre Building and the 'Topping out' ceremony took place for Keynes tower._NEWLINE_In October 1966, the Hexagon Restaurant and General Store opened, with the number of students reaching 750. Lord Butler was installed as Chancellor at a ceremony held in Colchester's Moot Hall in 1967 and the first Honorary Degrees were presented, the university's mace was carried for the first time, while the first annual Degree Congregation saw 135 degrees conferred in July. At the start of the next academic year, the departments of Computer Science and Electronic Systems Engineering accepted their first students, the SSRC Data Bank (later renamed the UK Data Archive) was established and the Lecture Theatre Building and Library opened along with the first phase of the Social and Comparative Studies building, while work proceeded on Tawney and William Morris residential towers.
On 25 November 2004, Her Majesty the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh visited the university as part of its 40th anniversary celebrations (1964–2004). Some of the longest running members of staff were invited to meet them at the presentation including the first student, John M. Dowden. Starting postgraduate research on fluid dynamics at the age of 23 in 1963, John later became a professor of mathematics and was the head of the Mathematics Department from 2001–2005. He retired in September 2008._NEWLINE_The university continued to expand. At the Colchester Campus, the Network Centre building opened in May 2004 housing the Department of Electronic Systems Engineering and parts of the Department of Computer Science (which merged in 2007 to create the School of Computer Science and Electronic Engineering). University Quays, a student accommodation complex housing 770 students, opened in September 2003. _NEWLINE_The Ivor Crewe Lecture Hall, with a 1,000 seat capacity, opened in 2006. The building was designed by the architect Patel Taylor and attracted a mixed response. Prince Charles referred to it as 'like a dustbin', while the Civic Trust, a charity of which he is patron, awarded it a Civic Trust award (2008) for making 'an outstanding contribution to the quality and appearance of the environment'. The building was named after Sir Ivor Crewe in April 2007, to mark his retirement from the position of vice chancellor, a position he had held since 1995._NEWLINE_The Gateway Building at the Southend Campus was opened in January 2007, providing facilities for Essex Business School, East 15 Acting School and the School of Health and Social Care plus a business incubation centre. The university also converted a former church into the Clifftown Studios to provide East 15 students with a theatre, studios and workshop spaces. This means the university has an operating theatre at each of its three campuses._NEWLINE_Social Science Research Centre was completed in February 2007, housing the Institute for Social and Economic Research and the UK Data Archive. A new building for the health and human sciences was opened in 2008, now named the Kimmy Eldridge Building in honour of Kimmy Eldridge who joined the university in 1994 to establish the Nursing and Health Studies Unit, now part of the School of Health and Social Care. The Centre for Brain Science opened in 2009 providing a new home for the Department of Psychology.
The School of Computer Science and Electronic Engineering was inaugurated on 1 August 2007. It was created by merging two long-established departments: The Department of Computer Science and the Department of Electronic Systems Engineering which both began in 1966._NEWLINE_According to a report to UK Parliament, the UK's AI research started in the 1950s and 1960s when the four major AI research centres at universities of Edinburgh, Sussex, Essex, and Cambridge were formed._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Notable academics linked to the department include Richard Bartle, Mohammed Ghanbari, Riccardo Poli, Edward Tsang and Ray Turner.
Warren Hoburg was born on September 16, 1985 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to Jim and Peggy Hoburg.   He graduated from North Allegheny High School, and received a Bachelor of Science degree in Aeronautics and Astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2008. He earned a Master of Science in 2011, followed by a Doctorate in 2013, in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.
After completing his doctorate, Hoburg worked in product development at Boeing until 2014, when he became an assistant professor at MIT. He served as a sponsor for the capstone project Jungle Hawk Owl, which is a UAV sponsored by the US Air Force.  He also manages the geometric programming Python package GPKit.
Researchers use hydrophones (often adapted from their original military use in tracking submarines) to ascertain the exact location of the origin of whale noises. Their methods also allow them to detect how far through an ocean a sound travels. Research by Dr. Christopher Clark of Cornell University conducted using military data showed that whale noises travel for thousands of kilometres. As well as providing information about song production, the data allows researchers to follow the migratory path of whales throughout the "singing" (mating) season. An important finding is that whales, in a process called the Lombard effect, adjust their song to compensate for background noise pollution. Moreover, there is evidence that blue whales stop producing foraging D calls once a mid-frequency sonar is activated, even though the sonar frequency range (1–8 kHz) far exceeds their sound production range (25–100 Hz)._NEWLINE_Prior to the introduction of human noise production, Clark says the noises may have travelled right from one side of an ocean to the other, agreeing with a thirty-year-old concept blaming large-scale shipping. His research indicates that ambient noise from boats is doubling with each decade. This has the effect of reducing the range at which whale noises can be heard. Environmentalists fear that such boat activity is putting undue stress on the animals as well as making it difficult to find a mate._NEWLINE_In the past decade, many effective automated methods, such as signal processing, data mining, and machine learning techniques have been developed to detect and classify whale vocalizations.
On October 20, 2008, many users of Windows XP in China received a black desktop, as Microsoft introduced its WGA system for Chinese language systems in an effort to combat copyright violation, which is extremely common in China. Since the majority of users in China run an unlicensed copy of Windows, many users have experienced what is described as a "black screen syndrome", where the operating system changes the desktop background to a black screen, as well as displays constant warning messages. Some users have even reported the disabling of Office programs such as Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Outlook._NEWLINE_According to various polls carried out by Chinese portals such as Sohu.com, QQ.com, 21cn.com, and many others, a large number (over 60% of those surveyed) of Chinese Internet users are hostile to Microsoft Windows Genuine Advantage (WGA) and Office Genuine Advantage (OGA).
On 18 September 2013 Abcodia announced that it had entered into an agreement for an exclusive license for the Risk of Ovarian Cancer Algorithm (ROCA), a test studied for screening of ovarian cancer. The use of this test is not recommended by the FDA as there is no evidence it is either safe or effective.
In 1993 Magno was choreographer for Madonna on her world tour and HBO special The Girlie Show, for which his work was highly praised in Daily Variety._NEWLINE_In 2001, Madonna worked with Magno again on her Drowned World Tour, adding tango, salsa, flamenco, karate, kung fu, Samurai sword work, a contortionist, and a traditional Javanese dancer. He was nominated for an Emmy award and an American Choreography Award for the tour._NEWLINE_Following Madonna’s tour, Magno began working for the male pop group Plus One on their 2002 Obvious tour._NEWLINE_In 2002, Magno graduated from the New York Film Academy._NEWLINE_In 2003, Britney Spears asked Magno to choreograph for her ABC special and MTV club tour, for which his work was highly praised in Us Weekly._NEWLINE_In 2004, Magno was commissioned by the Norwegian company ODE choreograph their 10th anniversary show, to be titled Illusionatics._NEWLINE_In December 2005, Magno worked with flamenco guitarist Ron Benise, choreographing and staging Nights Of Fire a PBS television special, which incorporated flamenco, Afro-Cuban salsa, and samba. Magno then worked on Benise’s 2006 National Tour; re-mounting, choreographing in addition to dancing as one of the lead performers with Benise._NEWLINE_Magno appeared in, directed and choreographed The Eternal a short film written by Zalman King, for the Bravo television network, which aired as part of the Forty Duce series.  He also choreographed for the show So You Think You Can Dance, on Fox, as one of the shows first guest choreographers._NEWLINE_Magno choreographed the video for the songSway by the Pussycat Dolls, from the soundtrack to the 2004 film Shall We Dance?._NEWLINE_In the beginning of 2006, Magno completed his work on Orfeu In The Carnival of Souls a full-length original ballet commissioned by New York's Ballet Hispanico.  In addition to conceiving and choreographing the ballet, he directed, produced the soundtrack, and co-wrote most of the original music made for the ballet. Orfeu In The Carnival Of Souls received a favorable review from Sara G. Levin in The Villager._NEWLINE_Magno produced original music for his ballets Rendezvous Liaison, Dejame Sonar and Orfeu In The Carnaval Of Souls._NEWLINE_He has been a dance trainer for Christina Applegate, Elizabeth Berkley, and Jennifer Lopez.
Copestake was educated at the University of Cambridge where she was awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree in Natural Sciences. After two years working for Unilever Research she completed the Cambridge Diploma in Computer Science. She went on to study at the University of Sussex where she was awarded a DPhil in 1992 for research on lexical semantics supervised by Gerald Gazdar.
A background process is a computer process that runs behind the scenes (i.e., in the background) and without user intervention. Typical tasks for these processes include logging, system monitoring, scheduling, and user notification.  The background process usually is a child process created by a control process for processing computing task. After the creation, the child process will run on its own course for performing the task independent of the control process, therefore, the control process is free of performing other designated task._NEWLINE_On a Windows system, this term may be used to either refer to a computer program that does not create a user interface, or a Windows service. The former are started just as any other program is started, e.g., via Start menu. Windows services, on the other hand, are started by Service Control Manager. In Windows Vista and later, they are run in a separate session. There is no limit on how much a system service or background process can use system resources. Indeed, in the Windows Server family of Microsoft operating systems, background processes are expected to be the principal consumers of system resources._NEWLINE_On a Unix or Unix-like system, a background process or job can be further identified as one whose process group ID differs from its terminal group ID (TGID). (The TGID of a process is the process ID of the process group leader that opened the terminal, which is typically the login shell. The TGID identifies the control terminal of the process group.) This type of process is unable to receive keyboard signals from its parent terminal, and typically will not send output to that terminal. This more technical definition does not distinguish between whether or not the process can receive user intervention. Although background processes are typically used for purposes needing few resources, any process can be run in the background, and such a process will behaves like any other process, with the exceptions given above.
Many newer versions of smartphone and PDA operating systems now include the ability to start background processes.  Due to hardware limits, background processes on mobile operating systems are often restricted to certain tasks or consumption levels.  On Android, CPU use for background processes is bounded at 5 - 10%.  Third-party applications on Apple's iOS are limited to a subset of functions while running in the background.  On both iOS and Android, background processes can be killed by the system if they are using too much memory.
Berry includes read/write NTFS support, and AIGLX and Beryl are bundled for 3D  desktop effects. Berry also uses bootsplash, giving it a graphical startup._NEWLINE_The full version (v1.12) includes  and runs on Linux Kernel 3.0.4. It has the ALSA sound system, ACPI support, and SELinux. Berry Linux features automatic hardware detection, with support for many graphics cards, sound cards, SCSI, USB devices and many other peripherals. Network devices are automatically configured with DHCP._NEWLINE_The full version of Berry Linux uses KDE (Version 4.6.5) while Berry Linux Mini uses the Fluxbox window manager. The full version is 512.7MB, while the mini version is 273.4MB. To test Berry Linux it is not necessary to install the distribution to a hard disk, as the operating system runs entirely from CD-ROM. It is, however, possible to install Berry Linux to a hard disk, which requires 1.7 gigabytes of free space._NEWLINE_Supporting Japanese, Berry includes Whiz, a sharp Kana-Kanji conversion system. It also comes with LibreOffice version 3.4.3, a Microsoft Office compatible office suite, as well as TextMaker/PlanMaker as Berry's office software. The GIMP, version 2.6.10, is bundled for graphics software._NEWLINE_Berry includes the media players Audacious, MPlayer, Xine, and Kaffeine. DVD and DivX codecs are installed by default.
The powers of two have been known since antiquity; for instance, they appear in Euclid's Elements, Props. IX.32 (on the factorization of powers of two) and IX.36 (half of the Euclid–Euler theorem, on the structure of even perfect numbers)._NEWLINE_And the binary logarithm of a power of two is just its position in the ordered sequence of powers of two._NEWLINE_On this basis, Michael Stifel has been credited with publishing the first known table of binary logarithms in 1544. His book Arithmetica Integra contains several tables that show the integers with their corresponding powers of two. Reversing the rows of these tables allow them to be interpreted as tables of binary logarithms._NEWLINE_Earlier than Stifel, the 8th century Jain mathematician Virasena is credited with a precursor to the binary logarithm. Virasena's concept of ardhacheda has been defined as the number of times a given number can be divided evenly by two. This definition gives rise to a function that coincides with the binary logarithm on the powers of two, but it is different for other integers, giving the 2-adic order rather than the logarithm._NEWLINE_The modern form of a binary logarithm, applying to any number (not just powers of two) was considered explicitly by Leonhard Euler in 1739. Euler established the application of binary logarithms to music theory, long before their applications in information theory and computer science became known. As part of his work in this area, Euler published a table of binary logarithms of the integers from 1 to 8, to seven decimal digits of accuracy.
In mathematics, the binary logarithm of a number n is often written as log₂ n. However, several other notations for this function have been used or proposed, especially in application areas._NEWLINE_Some authors write the binary logarithm as lg n, the notation listed in The Chicago Manual of Style. Donald Knuth credits this notation to a suggestion of Edward Reingold, but its use in both information theory and computer science dates to before Reingold was active.  The binary logarithm has also been written as log n with a prior statement that the default base for the logarithm is 2. Another notation that is often used for the same function (especially in the German scientific literature) is ld n, from Latin logarithmus dualis or logarithmus dyadis._NEWLINE_The DIN 1302, ISO 31-11 and ISO 80000-2 standards recommend yet another notation, lb n. According to these standards, lg n should not be used for the binary logarithm, as it is instead reserved for the common logarithm log₁₀ n.
Boxed customers can shop on desktop, via the Boxed iOS app or Android app._NEWLINE_In August 2017 Boxed launched SMART Stockup, a feature that applies machine learning on customer data to predict when they will most likely run low on a particular product. It sends a reminder to customers when they log in, making it easy and convenient to re-purchase what they need._NEWLINE_In tandem with SMART Stockup, Boxed launched Concierge, an autonomous shopping concept that uses the same machine learning to not only predict when a user is running low, but pre-emptively fulfill and send a customer's product to them without them needing to engage at all. It is currently available only to B2B customers.
In 2013 Duperreault became intrigued with the use of cutting-edge data analytics and data science in insurance, after meeting with co-founders of the hedge fund Two Sigma Investments, a leader in quantitative analysis. He came out of retirement a second time to co-found Hamilton Insurance Group in December 2013 with the principals of Two Sigma, and to be its CEO. The focus of Hamilton is applying advanced data analytics and cutting-edge data-science techniques to the property-casualty insurance industry, in order to determine which risks to take and at what price._NEWLINE_Hamilton Insurance Group's initial action in December 2013 was purchasing the recently operational reinsurance business of the beleaguered hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors, called SAC Re and located in Bermuda, and renaming it Hamilton Re, with Duperreault as CEO. In January 2014 Sanford I. Weill, the former head of Citigroup, was hired as the Chairman of Hamilton Insurance Group and Hamilton Re._NEWLINE_Needing a balance of insurance and reinsurance, in 2014 Duperreault set up a Hamilton operation in the U.S., acquiring two U.S.-based Fairfax Financial Holdings insurance subsidiaries, and in April 2015 also acquired Sportscover Underwriting, a managing agency with a syndicate at Lloyd's, renamed Hamilton at Lloyd's. Hamilton became a Bermuda-based holding company of property and casualty insurance and reinsurance operations in Bermuda, the U.S., and the UK._NEWLINE_In February 2016, Weill retired as Chairman of Hamilton Insurance Group and Hamilton Re, and Duperreault succeeded him, retaining his position as CEO._NEWLINE_In late 2016, Hamilton Insurance Group partnered with AIG and Two Sigma to create Attune, a data-enabled, algorithm-driven company that sells commercial insurance online to small and medium-sized businesses, with Duperreault as Chairman.
Reaction from the public and critics was very good with ratings averaging around 7.5 out of 10. Most criticism is of the player designs not resembling the actual people, which is a licensing issue. There is also a problem with the wicket keeper who doesn't wear a helmet like in many other cricket games. Some other shortcomings include no overthrows and running on overthrow, batsman cannot come down the track to hit or defend, the ball is always thrown to the wicketkeeper rather than at the stumps or to the bowler leaving balls driven to midoff easier to run on, and leaving the ball without playing a shot reduces the batsman's confidence. Batting and bowling averages of players do not evolve with play, unless the player has created a career player._NEWLINE_There is also a minor error. Ravi Rampaul, the West Indies fast bowler of Indian descent, is classified as a leg-spinner. As a result, he usually opens the bowling for West Indies in the game._NEWLINE_This game is not playable on several new operating systems. It can only be played on Windows XP. The newer versions of Windows namely Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 do not support this game. Windows 10, however, is capable of running the game.
Carlo Dalla Pozza was born in Taranto, in the Southern region Apulia, from Luigi Dalla Pozza, an officer of the Italian Navy from Veneto region, and Cecilia Pontrelli from Apulia. During high school studies at the Liceo Scientifico Battaglini of Taranto, Giovanni De Tommaso, a tough old-style teacher of mathematics, gave him the taste for mathematical problems and for the elegance of proofs. Carlo studied literature and philology at the University of Bari, where he graduated with a dissertation on Renato Serra under the supervision of Aldo Vallone. Throughout his life Carlo manifested his love for Italian literature, in particular for the 19th century poets Giacomo Leopardi, Giosue` Carducci (teacher of Serra) and Gabriele d'Annunzio. Among Italian classics he preferred Dante and Torquato Tasso._NEWLINE_After his dissertation Carlo studied theoretical Linguistics with the Italian translator of Ryle's 'Concept of Mind' Ferruccio Rossi Landi and later at the University of Pisa, before studying Formal Methods at the Catholic University in Milano. A turn in his intellectual career came from his participation to meetings held in Torino by Norberto Bobbio, developing new ideas on the problems of philosophy of Laws, especially on the work of Hans Kelsen, and on the formalization of Deontic logic, working hard on the axiomatization of the principles of a Theory of Law for Luigi Ferraioli's Principia Juris._NEWLINE_Carlo Dalla Pozza worked for many years as a High School teacher in the province of Taranto, while he was scientifically very active, attending conferences and giving lectures in various occasions.Only around 1990_NEWLINE_he obtained a permanent position at the University of Salento, Lecce, first as "tecnico laureato" and then as "ricercatore". A petition signed by Italian and foreign scholars asking that he should be promoted Associate_NEWLINE_Professor came too late in view of compulsory retirement policies in European academia._NEWLINE_Among the influences in his studies in Linguistics and Semiotic Textology Janos Petöfi asked him to work with him in Constanz, but Dalla Pozza preferred to work in Italy where he has been very influential through connections with the Society of Logic and Philosophy of Science and the Society of Analytic Philosophy, and also through his lectures in logic, philosophy of science and computer sciences (mainly in the nineties) at the University of Verona (where he lectured continuously on Logic and Foundations of Computer Science from 1996 to 2002 and also after retirement until 2013)  Padua, Bolzano and his lectures on Deontic Logic at the University of Rome. _NEWLINE_Besides the influence of Petöfi and Kelsen, his main philosophical ancestors are to be found in Gottlob Frege, Bertand Russell and Rudolf Carnap, to whose works he devoted continuous thought. In 1988 he publishes a very classical contribution for a formal treatment of some argument in Quantum Physics (see references). A link between his interest in linguistics and his work in logic is given by the formal theory of pragmatics (speech acts), based an original connection between classical logic (concerning the content of the assertion) and intuitionistic logic (concerning the act of assertion). The first move of the theory has been published on Erkenntnis in 1995._NEWLINE_Presenting his theory of a formalization of pragmatics Dalla Pozza defines the Frege-Reichenbach-Stenius model for the formal treatment of assertions, showing that the main problem of their solution is that the assertion sign (introduced by Frege) can be used only with elementary assertive formulas. He then introduces a set of pragmatic connectives which allows for the construction of complex assertive formulas. The "content" of assertive formulas is given through the classical interpretation of classical truth conditional connective; pragmatic connectives, on the other hand, have an intuitionistic interpretation as justified or not justified. In this way the formal system may treat the justification value of an assertion, distinguishing it from the truth value of the proposition expressed by the formula. Besides explaining the irriducibility of Frege's assertion sign to classical metalogical tools,and introducing the proper foundation of a formal theory of Speech Acts, Dalla Pozza's theory gives also an original solution to the problem of the compatibility of classical and Intuitionistic logic. _NEWLINE_The Erkenntnis paper has been followed by other works on the logic of questions and answers,  on Deontic logic and on substructural logic. (see references below). Dalla Pozza's work has raised interest in different contexts, both in philosophy or computer science  (see for instance the work of Richerd S. Anderson 2009, ad the work of Kurt Ranalter 2008. In 2008 an issue of Fundamenta informaticae has been devoted to his ideas of formal pragmatics.
The work by Dalla Pozza has found application in the formalization of Legal Systems, in the formalization of pragmatics as a theory of speech acts, on a peculiar trend in the philosophy of quantum physics (see the works of Claudio Garola) and on some development computer science and in logic (see the works of Gianluigi Bellin on a pragmatic interpretation of bi-intuitionism and on co-intuitionistic linear logic).
The notion of the categorical abstract machine arose in the mid-1980s. It took its place in computer science as a kind of theory of computation for programmers, represented by Cartesian closed category and embedded into the combinatory logic. CAM is a transparent and sound mathematical representation for the languages of functional programming. The machine code can be optimized using the equational form of a theory of computation. Using CAM, the various mechanisms of computation such as recursion or lazy evaluation can be emulated as well as parameter passing, such as call by name, call by value, and so on. In theory, CAM preserves all the advantages of object approach towards programming or computing._NEWLINE_The main current implementation is OCaml, which added class inheritance and dynamic method dispatch to Caml the Categorical Abstract Machine Language, these are a variants of MetaLanguage ML notable for type-inference.
The quality the codec can achieve is heavily based on the compression format the codec uses. A codec is not a format, and there may be multiple codecs that implement the same compression specification –  for example, MPEG-1 codecs typically do not achieve quality/size ratio comparable to codecs that implement the more modern H.264 specification. But quality/size ratio of output produced by different implementations of the same specification can also vary._NEWLINE_Each compression specification defines various mechanisms by which raw video (in essence, a sequence of full-resolution uncompressed digital images) can be reduced in size, from simple bit compression (like Lempel-Ziv-Welch) to psycho-visual and motion summarization, and how the output is stored as a bit stream. So long as the encoder component of the codec adheres to the specification it can choose any combination of these methods to apply different parts of the content. The decoder component of a codec that also conforms to the specification recognises each of the mechanisms used, and thus interprets the compressed stream to render it back into raw video for display (although this will not be identical to the raw video input unless the compression was lossless). Each encoder implements the specification according to its own algorithms and parameters, which means that the compressed output of different codecs will vary, resulting in variations in quality and efficiency between them._NEWLINE_Prior to comparing codec video-quality, it is important to understand that every codec can give a varying degree of quality for a given set of frames within a video sequence. Numerous factors play a role in this variability. First, all codecs have a bitrate control mechanism that is responsible for determining the bitrate and quality on a per-frame basis.  A difference between variable bitrate (VBR) and constant bitrate (CBR) creates a trade-off between a consistent quality over all frames, on the one hand, and a more constant bitrate, which is required for some applications, on the other. Second, some codecs differentiate between different types of frames, such as key frames and non-key frames, differing in their importance to overall visual quality and the extent to which they can be compressed. Third, quality depends on prefiltrations, which are included on all present-day codecs. Other factors may also come into play._NEWLINE_For a sufficiently long clip, it is possible to select sequences that have suffered little from the compression, and sequences that have suffered heavily, especially if CBR has been used, whereby the quality between frames can vary highly due to different amounts of compression needed to achieve a constant bitrate. So, in a given long clip, such as a full-length movie, any two codecs may perform quite differently on a particular sequence from the clip, while the codecs may be approximately equal (or the situation reversed) in quality over a wider sequence of frames. Press-releases and amateur forums may sometimes select sequences known to favor a particular codec or style of rate-control in reviews.
A Content Addressable Parallel Processor (CAPP) is a type of parallel processor which uses content-addressing memory (CAM) principles. CAPPs are intended for bulk computation. The syntactic structure of their computing algorithm are simple, whereas the number of concurrent processes may be very large, only limited by the number of locations in the CAM. The best-known CAPP may be STARAN, completed in 1972; several similar systems were later built in other countries._NEWLINE_A CAPP is distinctly different from a Von Neumann architecture or classical computer that stores data in cells addressed individually by numeric address. The CAPP executes a stream of instructions that address memory based on the content (stored values) of the memory cells.  As a parallel processor, it acts on all of the cells containing that content at once. The content of all matching cells can be changed simultaneously._NEWLINE_A typical CAPP might consist of an array of content-addressable memory of fixed word length, a sequential instruction store, and a general purpose computer of the Von Neumann architecture that is used to interface peripherals.
Disk partitioning or disk slicing is the creation of one or more regions on secondary storage, so that each region can be managed separately. These regions are called partitions. It is typically the first step of preparing a newly installed disk, before any file system is created. The disk stores the information about the partitions' locations and sizes in an area known as the partition table that the operating system reads before any other part of the disk. Each partition then appears to the operating system as a distinct "logical" disk that uses part of the actual disk. System administrators use a program called a partition editor to create, resize, delete, and manipulate the partitions. Partitioning allows the use of different filesystems to be installed for different kinds of files.  Separating user data from system data can prevent the system partition from becoming full and rendering the system unusable. Partitioning can also make backing up easier. A disadvantage is that it can be difficult to properly size partitions resulting in having one partition with much free space and another nearly totally allocated.
This section describes the master boot record (MBR) partitioning scheme, as used historically in DOS, Microsoft Windows and Linux (among others) on PC-compatible computer systems. As of the mid-2010s, most new computers use the GUID Partition Table (GPT) partitioning scheme instead. For examples of other partitioning schemes, see the general article on partition tables._NEWLINE_The total data storage space of a PC HDD on which MBR partitioning is implemented can contain at most four primary partitions, or alternatively three primary partitions and an extended partition. The Partition Table, located in the master boot record, contains 16-byte entries, each of which describes a partition._NEWLINE_The partition type is identified by a 1-byte code found in its partition table entry. Some of these codes (such as 0x05 and 0x0F) may be used to indicate the presence of an extended partition. Most are used by an operating system's bootloader (that examines partition tables) to decide if a partition contains a file system that can be mounted / accessed for reading or writing data.
A primary  partition contains one file system. In DOS and all early versions of Microsoft Windows systems, Microsoft required what it called the system partition to be the first partition. All Windows operating systems from Windows 95 onwards can be located on (almost) any partition, but the boot files (io.sys, bootmgr, ntldr, etc.) must reside on a primary partition.  However, other factors, such as a PC's BIOS (see Boot sequence on standard PC) may also impose specific requirements as to which partition must contain the primary OS._NEWLINE_The partition type code for a primary partition can either correspond to a file system contained within (e.g. 0x07 means either an NTFS or an OS/2 HPFS file system) or indicate that the partition has a special use (e.g. code 0x82 usually indicates a Linux swap partition). The FAT16 and FAT32 file systems have made use of a number of partition type codes due to the limits of various DOS and Windows OS versions. Though a Linux operating system may recognize a number of different file systems (ext4, ext3, ext2, ReiserFS, etc.), they have all consistently used the same partition type code: 0x83 (Linux native file system).
With DOS, Microsoft Windows, and OS/2, a common practice is to use one primary partition for the active file system that will contain the operating system, the page/swap file, all utilities, applications, and user data. On most Windows consumer computers, the drive letter C: is routinely assigned to this primary partition. Other partitions may exist on the HDD that may or may not be visible as drives, such as recovery partitions or partitions with diagnostic tools or data. (Microsoft drive letters do not correspond to partitions in a one-to-one fashion, so there may be more or fewer drive letters than partitions.)_NEWLINE_Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, Vista, and Windows 7 include a 'Disk Management' program which allows for the creation, deletion and resizing of FAT and NTFS partitions. The Windows Disk Manager in Windows Vista and Windows 7 utilizes a 1 MB partition alignment scheme which is fundamentally incompatible with Windows 2000, XP, OS/2, DOS as well as many other operating systems.
Multi-boot systems are computers where the user can boot into one of two or more distinct operating systems (OS) stored in separate storage devices or in separate partitions of the same storage device. In such systems a menu at startup gives a choice of which OS to boot/start (and only one OS at a time is loaded)._NEWLINE_This is distinct from virtual operating systems, in which one operating system is run as a self-contained virtual "program" within another already-running operating system. (An example is a Windows OS "virtual machine" running from within a Linux OS.)
eHow was founded by Courtney Rosen in 1999. On 8 February 2001 it filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. At that time it had $1.16 million in assets and $7.2 million in debts and had used up $23.5 million in venture capital funding in a year and a half that came from companies including Hummer Winblad Venture Partners ($1.3 million) and Dominion Ventures ($982,035). eHow's major debts included $598,460 owed to Vignette Corp., $140,024 to Engage Media in San Francisco and $237,492 to LifeMinders. The Silicon Valley Bank seized $180,548 that was in EHow's accounts to pay off outstanding loans. eHow was acquired by Demand Media in 2006. Originally it was a source of written articles and step-by-step instructions. At the time of its acquisition it had 17,000 articles and 5.8 million visitors a month. A year after purchasing the website Demand Media introduced the video format. In 2008 the site won a Mashable Blogger's Choice award in the 2nd Annual Open Web Awards._NEWLINE_In 2009 the website introduced a mobile version for cell phone users and also was a CNET Webware 100 Winner in the category of Search & Reference. That same year Demand Media merged their acquisition of Expert Village into eHow and opened a branch operation in the United Kingdom. The moves gave eHow over one million articles and videos available on-line in 2009 and doubled that number by the following year. In 2010 they received a New Media Award._NEWLINE_It was in 2009 that eHow was noted as having changed its method of identifying content to contract for creation. The company moved from human-identified lists of potential content to the use of a computer-based algorithm, a move that increased revenue by a factor of 4.9 times per article or video created. Getting rid of the human editors who formerly identified and approved content to be produced increased profits for the company by a factor of 20–25 times. The automated program combines search data, internet traffic patterns and the rates of keyword use and uses this information to determine what internet users want to know and also calculates how much money advertisers will pay to appear on the same page content created. Another algorithm, called the Knowledge Engine, then works out what exactly internet users want to know about the subjects identified and details exactly how to approach profitable subjects and what its potential subject longevity is. The machine-created subjects are then proofread by freelance proofreaders for 8 cents each, to ensure that they are clear enough for bidding on by freelance article and video producers. Content producers are then paid about US$15 per article or US$20 per video to produce the product. This change resulted in the Demand Media making an estimated US$200 million in revenue in 2009, including from Google's advertising income._NEWLINE_In 2011 the site released an iPad application, providing a direct shortcut to the website. That same year the site received a reorganization and overhaul of its look, consolidating its now three million articles and videos into six categories: Home, Health, Food, Style, Money and Family. In 2011 the site was adding more than 5,000 articles and videos a day while employing 13,000 freelance writers, editors and producers. In 2012 a seventh category was added, entitled Mom, focusing on parenting and family issues.
Demand Media and eHow in particular have been criticized for large amounts of low-quality content and for operating as a content farm, paying contributors low rates for content intended to rank high in search results, rather than focus on quality information, with poor quality articles intended mainly to drive up search results rather than inform._NEWLINE_In 2010 and 2011 Google implemented changes to their algorithms intending to reduce the ranking and impact of content farms. These changes led to a 40% drop in traffic to Demand Media sites. Demand Media responded to the algorithm changes, saying their business model remained solid._NEWLINE_Jack Herrick, former owner of eHow, started up wikiHow after concluding that the wiki method of content creation would ultimately produce higher quality work. He described the difference between eHow and wikiHow as "eating a McDonald's burger vs. a wonderful, home cooked meal"_NEWLINE_Search engine DuckDuckGo's CEO Gabriel Weinberg has criticized eHow, along with other Demand Media websites, labeling the company a "content mill," because of the website's search engine driven content, low article quality and low writer salaries. DuckDuckGo filters out eHow content because of Weinberg's perception that Demand Media produces low-quality content designed specifically to rank highly in Google Searches for the purposes of promoting advertising._NEWLINE_Another search engine, Blekko also regarded eHow as spam, blacklisted the site and filtered eHow results out._NEWLINE_Wired magazine has also criticized eHow and Demand Media, calling their content: "slapdash" and a "factory stamping out moneymaking content".
Eduardo Sáenz de Cabezón studied during his youth at the Sagasta Institute in Logroño. After high school, he decided to study mathematics and computer science, inspired by a teacher passionated about mathematics. He was also licensed in theology at the Pontifical University of Comillas, and holds a PhD. in mathematics from the University of La Rioja.
Cabezón obtained his PhD with the thesis "Combinatorial Koszul homology: computations and applications" for which he obtained the grade of outstanding cum laude unanimously of the court. His thesis is framed within the area of computational algebra. In it, the homology of Koszul for monomial ideals is studied. In the thesis, Cabezón described the structure of this type of ideals based on his Koszul homology, described algorithms for the calculation of this homology, and implemented algorithms that show to be effective.
The equation of time is obtained from a published table, or a graph. For dates in the past such tables are produced from historical measurements, or by calculation; for future dates, of course, tables can only be calculated. In devices such as computer-controlled heliostats the computer is often programmed to calculate the equation of time. The calculation can be numerical or analytical. The former are based on numerical integration of the differential equations of motion, including all significant gravitational and relativistic effects. The results are accurate to better than 1 second and are the basis for modern almanac data. The latter are based on a solution that includes only the gravitational interaction between the Sun and Earth, simpler than but not as accurate as the former. Its accuracy can be improved by including small corrections._NEWLINE_The following discussion describes a reasonably accurate (agreeing with Almanac data to within 3 seconds over a wide range of years) algorithm for the equation of time that is well known to astronomers. It also shows how to obtain a simple approximate formula (accurate to within 1 minute over a large time interval), that can be easily evaluated with a calculator and provides the simple explanation of the phenomenon that was used previously in this article.
Hoover was a professor at Swarthmore College from 1951 to 1954 where she taught philosophy and logic. However, she had been unable to win a tenure-track position, possibly because of her gender and marital status, according to one view. In 1953, she married Charles Wilson Hoover, Jr., and he was very supportive of his wife's career pursuits. In 1954, she joined Bell Labs as a senior technical associate, and was promoted in 1956. According to one source, the internal training program was the "equivalent of a master's degree in computer science." Switching systems were moving from electronic to computer-based technologies. Problems happened when a call center would be inundated with thousands of calls in a short amount of time, overwhelming the unreliable electronic relays, and causing the entire system to "freeze up."_NEWLINE_Hoover used her knowledge of symbolic logic and feedback theory to program the control mechanisms of a call center to use data about incoming calls to impose order on the whole system. It used computer electronic methods to monitor the frequency of incoming calls at different times. Her method gave priority to processes that were concerned with the input and output of the switch over processes that were less important such as record keeping and billing. The computer, as a result, would adjust the call center's acceptance rate automatically, greatly reducing the overloading problem. The system became known as stored program control._NEWLINE_Hoover's thinking about the invention happened while she was in a hospital recuperating after having given birth to her second daughter, according to several sources. Lawyers for Bell Labs handling the patent had to go to her house to visit her while she was on maternity leave so that she could sign the papers. The result of the invention was much more robust service to callers during peak load times:_NEWLINE_To my mind it was kind of common sense ... I designed the executive program for handling situations when there are too many calls, to keep it operating efficiently without hanging up on itself. Basically it was designed to keep the machine from throwing up its hands and going berserk._NEWLINE_— Erna Schneider Hoover, 2008_NEWLINE_For her invention, termed Feedback Control Monitor for Stored Program Data Processing System, Hoover was awarded patent #3,623,007 in November 1971, one of the first software patents ever issued. The patent was applied for in 1967 and issued in 1971. As a result of her invention, she became the first woman supervisor of a technical department at Bell Labs. She headed the operations support department in 1987. The principles of her invention are still being used in telecommunications equipment in the 21st century._NEWLINE_Hoover worked on various high-level applications such as research radar control programs of the Safeguard Anti-Ballistic Missile System, which were systems to intercept incoming intercontinental ballistic missile warheads. Her department worked on artificial intelligence methods, large databases, and transactional software to support large telephone networks. She worked at Bell Labs for 32 years until retiring in 1987. In addition, she served on the boards of higher education organizations in New Jersey. As a member of the board of Trustees of  The College of New Jersey, she was described as a visionary who was instrumental in increasing women faculty as well as enrolling the "best prepared high school graduates" in the state, and she helped build the college into a respected institution of higher education by lobbying extensively for state funding.
According to the developers, Eve Online evolved from the classic computer game Elite, which itself was based on concepts from the science-fiction role-playing game Traveller. Eve combined concepts from Elite with the multi player chat and player-versus-player aspects of Ultima Online. Elite had four single-player aspects of missions, mining, trade routes and combat with random hostile NPC's all of which are aspects of the first incarnations of Eve Online._NEWLINE_One of the original developers of Elite, David Braben, believes Eve Online is a reimplementation of the 1980s game, not its true successor. Some of the developers (John Cameron, James Cassidy, Joe Chaney) also believe that this game creates a world where players can become someone else only possible in their imaginations._NEWLINE_Both the server and the client software for Eve Online are developed in Stackless Python, a variant of the Python programming language. Stackless Python allows a relatively large number of players to perform tasks without the overhead of using the call stack used in the standard Python distribution. This frees the game developers from performing some routine work and allows them to apply changes to the game universe without resetting the server.  However, the Eve cluster is taken offline daily for database and server maintenance.
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) issues the 140 Publication Series to coordinate the requirements and standards for cryptographic modules which include both hardware and software components for use by departments and agencies of the United States federal government. FIPS 140 does not purport to provide sufficient conditions to guarantee that a module conforming to its requirements is secure, still less that a system built using such modules is secure. The requirements cover not only the cryptographic modules themselves but also their documentation and (at the highest security level) some aspects of the comments contained in the source code._NEWLINE_User agencies desiring to implement cryptographic modules should confirm that the module they are using is covered by an existing validation certificate. FIPS 140-1 and FIPS 140-2 validation certificates specify the exact module name, hardware, software, firmware, and/or applet version numbers.  For Levels 2 and higher, the operating platform upon which the validation is applicable is also listed.  Vendors do not always maintain their baseline validations._NEWLINE_The Cryptographic Module Validation Program (CMVP) is operated jointly by the United States Government's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Computer Security Division and the Communications Security Establishment (CSE) of the Government of Canada.  The use of validated cryptographic modules is required by the United States Government for all unclassified uses of cryptography. The Government of Canada also recommends the use of FIPS 140 validated cryptographic modules in unclassified applications of its departments.
Every GUI program shows contents of folders by usually ordering its files according to some criteria, mostly related to the files' metadata, like the filename. The criterion is, by default, the alphanumeric ordering of filenames, although some operating systems do that in "smarter" ways than others: for example file1.ext should ideally be placed before file10.ext, like GNOME Files and Thunar do, whereas, alphanumerically, it comes after (more on that later). Other criteria exist, like ordering files by their file type (or by their extension) and, if the same type, by either filename or last-access date, and so on._NEWLINE_For this reason, when a file sequence has a more strong locality of reference, particularly when it is related to their actual contents, it is better to highlight this fact by letting their well-ordering induce an alphanumeric ordering of the filenames too. That is the case of explicit file sequences.
In The Sensory Order: An Inquiry into the Foundations of Theoretical Psychology (1952), Hayek independently developed a "Hebbian learning" model of learning and memory—an idea he first conceived in 1920 prior to his study of economics. Hayek's expansion of the "Hebbian synapse" construction into a global brain theory has received attention in neuroscience, cognitive science, computer science, behavioural science and evolutionary psychology by scientists such as Gerald Edelman and Joaquin Fuster._NEWLINE_The Sensory Order can be viewed as a development of his attack on scientism. Hayek posited two orders, namely the sensory order that we experience and the natural order that natural science has revealed. Hayek thought that the sensory order actually is a product of the brain. He described the brain as a very complex yet self-ordering hierarchical classification system, a huge network of connections. Because of these nature of the classifier system, richness of our sensory experience can exist. Hayek's description posed problems to behaviorism, whose proponents took the sensory order as fundamental.
Using a Web search algorithm executed by internet bots, Fundica locates funding opportunities online and automatically records them in the database. Funders have the ability to submit information about their own programs via the Fundica website. Fundica’s researchers also verify and update funding information manually._NEWLINE_On the Fundica website, businesses seeking funding build a profile based on 20 to 30 search criteria. Fundica’s proprietary search and intelligent filtering system uses this profile to generate a list of relevant funding opportunities.
GRAaph ALigner (GRAAL) is an algorithm for global network alignment that is based solely on network topology. It aligns two networks  and  by producing an alignment that consists of a set of ordered pairs , where  is a node in  and  is a node in . GRAAL matches pairs of nodes originating in different networks based on their graphlet degree signature similarities, where a higher similarity between two nodes corresponds to a higher topological similarity between their extended neighborhoods (out to distance 4).  GRAAL produces global alignments, i.e., it aligns each node in the smaller network to exactly one node in the larger network. The matching proceeds using a technique analogous to the "seed and extend" approach of the popular BLAST algorithm for sequence alignment: it first chooses a single "seed" pair of nodes (one node from each network) with high graphlet degree signature similarity. It then expands the alignment radially outward around the seed as far as practical using a greedy algorithm (see [Kuchaiev et al., 2010] for details).
When aligning two graphs  and , GRAAL first computes costs of aligning each node  in G with each node  in .  The cost of aligning two nodes takes into account the graphlet degree signature similarity between them, modified to reduce the cost as the degrees of both nodes increase, since higher degree nodes with similar signatures provide a tighter constraint than correspondingly similar low degree nodes.  In this way, GRAAL align the densest parts of the networks first. Let  be the degree of a node  in network , let  be the maximum degree of nodes in , let  be the graphlet degree signature similarity of nodes  and , and let  be a parameter in [0, 1] that controls the contribution of the node signature similarity to the cost function (that is,  is the parameter that controls the contribution of node degrees to the cost function), then the cost of aligning nodes  and  is computed as:_NEWLINE_._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_A cost of  corresponds to a pair of topologically identical nodes  and , while a cost close to  corresponds to a pair of topologically different nodes._NEWLINE_GRAAL chooses as the initial seed a pair of nodes ,  and , that have the smallest cost.  Ties are broken randomly. Once the seed is found, GRAAL builds "spheres" of all possible radii around nodes  and .  A sphere of radius  around node  is the set of nodes  that are at distance  from , where the distance  is the length of the shortest path from  to .  Spheres of the same radius in two networks are then greedily aligned together by searching for the pairs  and  that are not already aligned and that can be aligned with the minimal cost.  When all spheres around the seed  have been aligned, some nodes in both networks may remain unaligned. For this reason, GRAAL repeats the same algorithm on a pair of networks  for  and , and searches for the new seed again, if necessary. Network  is defined as a new network  having the same set of nodes as  and having  if and only if the distance between nodes  and  in  is less than or equal to , i.e., .  Note that . Using , , allows us to align a path of length  in one network to a single edge in another network, which is analogous to allowing "insertions" or "deletions" in a sequence alignment.  GRAAL stops when each node from  is aligned to exactly one node in .
Gates of Zendocon was written by Peter Engelbrite when he worked at Epyx as games developer and programmer. He also worked on Atari 2600 conversion of other titles from the company such as California Games, Summer Games and Winter Games. In a online interview with website The Atari Times, Engelbrite recounted about the development process of the game, stating that work on the project began before functional Atari Lynx hardware existed and wrote an emulator of the console on the Apple II 8-bit microcomputer, setting up the system's graphical data structures but displaying the sprites as ASCII text._NEWLINE_Later during development, an early revision of the Lynx capable of displaying raster graphics was made, with the game running for the first time on actual hardware, albeit at a slow frame rate. Atari composer Alex Rudis was also involved during the production of the project, recalling the process of the developer's pictures in the hidden level on another interview with The Atari Times, which involved using a video camera to scan the image with Dave Needle and other team members freezing the images in order to be clear, while Rudis rotated his portrait as the scanning occurred to make it look distorted. Electronic Gaming Monthly also revealed that other members involved in its production, among them being Lynx co-inventor R. J. Mical, although their roles were not specified._NEWLINE_Gates of Zendocon was one of the original launch titles during the initial release of the Lynx in, 1989, along with the aforementioned California Games, Blue Lightning and Electrocop. It was also released in Europe around the same time period and later in Japan on December 23 of the same year, where it was distributed by Mumin Corporation instead and the difference between the international and Japanese releases is that the latter came bundled with an instruction manual in Japanese. The game was first showcased to the public during the International Summer Consumer Electronics Show 1989, along with the system.
The college is located on a 225-acre (91 ha) campus adjacent to the Gettysburg National Military Park. Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, is 36 miles (60 km) from Harrisburg, 55 miles (89 km) from Baltimore, 80 miles (130 km) from Washington, D.C., 117 miles (188 km) from Philadelphia, and 212 miles (341 km) from New York City, and 425 miles (684 km) from Boston._NEWLINE_The college's main campus has over 90 buildings, many of which are historically relevant, and is roughly divided in half by Pennsylvania Hall (administration). The northern half contains Eddie Plank Gym, Masters Hall (physics and astronomy), Musselman Library, the College Union Building, the College Dining Center, Briedenbaugh Hall (English and Asian Studies), Weidensall Hall (History and Education), and several first-year residence halls and fraternities. A section of this part of campus known as "Stine Lake" is not actually a lake but rather a quad located outside of the library. Prior to the Musselman Library being built in the late 1970s, and due to Gettysburg's wet climate and drainage issues, the quad and library site were prone to accumulating water, creating a large, muddy "lake" of sorts.  Today, Stine Lake does not flood, but the name has stuck, to the confusion of first-year students. Additionally, the College Dining Center is known to students and faculty as "Servo," after the now defunct 1980s food service company, Servomation._NEWLINE_The southern half of the main campus includes McKnight Hall (languages), Glatfelter Hall (computer science, management, political science, mathematics, and others), Schmucker Hall (art and music), Brua Hall, and several fraternities. Over the last half-century, the campus has expanded considerably to include land to the east of North Washington Street and to the west of the traditional campus. In that time, the campus has undergone many renovations, with buildings being added and removed. _NEWLINE_Since approximately 96% of students live on campus, most of this additional land is dedicated to housing. It also includes the college chapel, the admissions building, a large gymnasium and field house complex, and several athletics fields. The college has also purchased or leased many buildings for student housing, including residences on Washington Street, Carlisle Street, Middle Street, and Stratton Street.
The corvette was involved in a series of actions delaying the Japanese advance through Malaya and the Netherlands East Indies, including anti-submarine patrol, demolition work, troop and civilian evacuation, and anti-aircraft engagements, both individually and in concert with other Allied ships. During this time, she was involved in the evacuation of Sumatra in mid-February 1942, and, with Bendigo, rescued survivors from the Dutch vessel Boero on 28 February from the beach at Java Head. During the final days the ship was flagship for Commodore Collins commanding the China Force. This continued until September 1942, when Burnie was assigned to the British Eastern Fleet for anti-submarine patrol and convoy escort duties in the Indian Ocean._NEWLINE_Along with Goulburn the ship had left Singapore on 25 January assigned to sweep the southern half of Banka Strait arriving in Batavia 30 January and on finding the harbor congested were at Tanjong Priok by 2 February where Burnie and Goulburn began on 5 February a continuous anti-submarine patrol until the Japanese invasion of Java. By 12 February and a flood of ships fleeing the fall of Singapore and Japanese advances the ship was sent to Oosthaven in Sumatra for anti-submarine patrols at that port. On the 17th the ship entered the port with HNLMS Soemba to assist in demolition of facilities covering a bridge to the wharf with her gun while a shore party worked through the night destroying ammunition, rail equipment and placing depth charges under the KPM wharf and a cargo shed as well as pouring sulphuric acid into the working parts and destroying propellers of four trucks of torpedoes before Burnie got underway and completed destruction with gunfire._NEWLINE_On the morning of 19 February the ship arrived at Tanjong Priok where her commanding officer, Lieutenant Commander T. Christy, RANR(S), reported to Commodore Collins and received orders to take temporary command of HMAS Ballarat and, with a party of Royal Air Force personnel return in Ballarat to Oosthaven for salvage of air force material. With that mission accomplished Christy returned in Ballarat on 21 February, the date when the American-British-Dutch-Australian Command had cabled Winston Churchill that further efforts to hold Java and the purpose of the command itself were useless. Withdrawal from Java began and on 22 February Ballarat, Bendigo, Burnie and Maryborough replaced coal burning ships in the Sunda Strait Auxiliary Patrol established by Collins to prevent Japanese landings on Java from Sumatra with night crossings in small craft._NEWLINE_By the 27th all British ships were ordered withdrawn from the Sunda Strait area and all the ships of 21st Minesweeping Flotilla were short of fuel with the flotilla commander ordering withdrawal to Tjilatjap for fueling on 28 February but Bendigo and Burnie were detached to rescue a party seen signaling from Java Head. On reaching the site Bendigo picked up fifteen and Burnie twenty-nine people that were survivors of the Dutch ship Boero that had been torpedoed several days earlier. Meanwhile, the flotilla had been ordered to return to Sunda Strait but the two ships with survivors were ordered on to Tjilatjap._NEWLINE_On 1 March, with the two ships and survivors approaching Tjilatjap the withdrawal from Batavia was ordered and all British ships were to gather at Tjilatjap for evacuation. By the time the two corvettes arrived on the afternoon of 1 March Japanese forces were already south of the port and Bendigo broadcast a message from Commodore Collins that all ships with enough fuel to avoid that port should proceed directly to Fremantle or Colombo. During the evening Collins arrived from Batavia and boarded Burnie. Evacuees were loaded on all ships available in the port and at 8 p.m. on 2 March Burnie departed flying Collins' flag and reaching Fremantle on 8 March after narrowly escaping Admiral Kondō's cruisers that sunk HMS Stronghold, the first of the British ships that left Tjilatjap, HMAS Yarra, USS Pillsbury and USS Asheville.
The British Admiralty, eager to investigate the use of steam turbines in warships, ordered the experimental destroyer Viper from Parsons Marine in 1898, and purchased Cobra, also turbine-powered, built as a private venture by Armstrong Whitworth, in 1900. Both ships were quickly lost however, with Viper running aground off Alderney on 3 August 1901, and Cobra broke in half while on her delivery voyage on 19 September 1901. The Admiralty was still keen to adopt turbines, and so decided to buy a turbine-powered destroyer that was being built as a private venture by Parsons, the Python._NEWLINE_Python had been laid down at Hawthorn Leslie and Company's Hebburn, Tyneside shipyard (as for Viper, Parsons had sub-contracted build of the hull to Hawthorn Leslie, with the ship's machinery to be provided by Parsons) on 10 April 1901 and launched on 11 February 1902._NEWLINE_The ship was powered by two sets of compound steam turbines, each consisting of a high-pressure and low-pressure turbine driving a separate propeller shaft, with the high-pressure turbines driving the outer shafts and the low-pressure turbines the inner shafts giving four shafts in all. Two propellers were fitted to each shaft. A new feature was that a pair of small triple expansion engines (rated at 150 indicated horsepower (110 kW) each) that could be coupled to the inner, low-pressure turbine shafts for efficient cruising. Parsons were prepared to guarantee that the ship could reach a speed of 32 knots (59 km/h; 37 mph) forward and 12 knots (22 km/h; 14 mph) astern during sea trials, but hoped for speeds of 33 ³⁄₄ knots (62.5 km/h; 38.8 mph) and 16 knots (30 km/h; 18 mph) respectively._NEWLINE_The ship was 215 feet 0 inches (65.53 m) long overall and 210 ft 0 ³⁄₈ in (64.02 m) between perpendiculars, with a beam of 21 feet 0 ³⁄₈ inch (6.41 m) and a draught of 5 feet 11 inches (1.80 m). Displacement was 400 long tons (406 t) normal and 462 long tons (469 t) deep load. As well as the normal rudder at the ship's stern, a retractable rudder was fitted forward to aid manoeuvrability when running astern. Three funnels were fitted, while the ship's crew consisted of 63 officers and men. Armament was the standard for the thirty-knotters, i.e. a QF 12 pounder 12 cwt (3 in (76 mm) calibre) gun on a platform on the ship's conning tower (in practice the platform was also used as the ship's bridge), with a secondary armament of five 6-pounder guns, and two 18 inch (450 mm) torpedo tubes._NEWLINE_The Admiralty signed a contract for Python in May 1902, renaming the ship HMS Velox. As experience with earlier destroyers had shown that the speeds achieved in sea trials, which were run lightly loaded, were not representative of speeds in service, it was specified by the Admiralty that trials should instead be carried out fully loaded. Velox was the first destroyer to be affected by this policy, which caused Parsons to cut the guaranteed speed to 27 knots (50 km/h; 31 mph)._NEWLINE_Sea trials showed that Velox was as fast as hoped, reaching a speed of 34.5 knots (63.9 km/h; 39.7 mph) at light load, and when fully loaded as according to contract requirements, making 27.249 knots (50.465 km/h; 31.358 mph) over the measured mile and an average speed of 27.142 knots (50.267 km/h; 31.234 mph). Fuel consumption was significantly higher than expected, however, being up to 80% higher than the normal thirty knotters. Velox was commissioned in February 1902.
The institute temporarily operated at National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli campus and the permanent campus was inaugurated on April 3, 2017 by Prakash Javadekar._NEWLINE_Indian Institute of Management Tiruchirappalli's permanent campus is located on a 172.27 acres (69.72 ha) land. In its full shape, the ₹584 crore (US$84 million) permanent campus will consist of student hostels, faculty residences, a library, recreational facilities and a Management Development Centre._NEWLINE_The Indian Institute of Management Trichy has set up a satellite campus at Chennai. It offers a two-year postgraduate programme for working professionals from this campus.
The origins of the name "Java" are not clear. One possibility is that the island was named after the jáwa-wut plant, which was said to be common in the island during the time, and that prior to Indianization the island had different names. There are other possible sources: the word jaú and its variations mean "beyond" or "distant". And, in Sanskrit yava means barley, a plant for which the island was famous. "Yavadvipa" is mentioned in India's earliest epic, the Ramayana. Sugriva, the chief of Rama's army dispatched his men to Yavadvipa, the island of Java, in search of Sita. It was hence referred to in India by the Sanskrit name "yāvaka dvīpa" (dvīpa = island). Java is mentioned in the ancient Tamil text Manimekalai by Chithalai Chathanar which states that Java had a kingdom with a capital called Nagapuram. Another source states that the word "Java" is derived from a Proto-Austronesian root word, Iawa  meaning "home". The great island of Iabadiu or Jabadiu was mentioned in Ptolemy's Geographia composed around 150 CE in the Roman Empire. Iabadiu is said to mean "barley island", to be rich in gold, and have a silver town called Argyra at the west end. The name indicates Java, and seems to be derived from the Sanskrit name Java-dvipa (Yavadvipa)._NEWLINE_The annual news of Songshu and Liangshu referred to Java as She-po (5th century CE), He-ling (640–818), then called it She-po again until the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368), where they began mentioning Zhao-Wa. According to Ma Huan's book (the Yingya Shenlan), the Chinese called Java Chao-Wa, and the island was called She-pó (She-bó) in the past. When John of Marignolli returned from China to Avignon, he stayed at the Kingdom of Saba for a few months, which he said had many elephants and was led by a queen; Saba may be his interpretation of She-bó.
Java lies between Sumatra to the west and Bali to the east. Borneo lies to the north and Christmas Island is to the south. It is the world's 13th largest island. Java is surrounded by the Java Sea to the north, Sunda Strait to the west, the Indian Ocean to the south and Bali Strait and Madura Strait in the east._NEWLINE_Java is almost entirely of volcanic origin; it contains thirty-eight mountains forming an east–west spine that have at one time or another been active volcanoes. The highest volcano in Java is Mount Semeru, 3,676 metres (12,060 ft). The most active volcano in Java and also in Indonesia is Mount Merapi, 2,930 metres (9,610 ft). In total, Java has more than 150 mountains._NEWLINE_Java's mountains and highlands split the interior into a series of relatively isolated regions suitable for wet-rice cultivation; the rice lands of Java are among the richest in the world. Java was the first place where Indonesian coffee was grown, starting in 1699. Today, Coffea arabica is grown on the Ijen Plateau by small-holders and larger plantations._NEWLINE_The area of Java is about 150,000 square kilometres (58,000 sq mi). It is about 1,000 km (620 mi) long and up to 210 km (130 mi) wide. The island's longest river is the 600 km long Solo River. The river rises from its source in central Java at the Lawu volcano, then flows north and eastward to its mouth in the Java Sea near the city of Surabaya. Other major rivers are Brantas, Citarum, Cimanuk and Serayu._NEWLINE_The average temperature ranges from 22 °C (72 °F) to 29 °C (84 °F); average humidity is 75%. The northern coastal plains are normally hotter, averaging 34 °C (93 °F) during the day in the dry season. The south coast is generally cooler than the north, and highland areas inland are even cooler. The wet season begins in November and ends in April. During that rain falls mostly in the afternoons and intermittently during other parts of the year. The wettest months are January and February._NEWLINE_West Java is wetter than East Java and mountainous regions receive much higher rainfall. The Parahyangan highlands of West Java receive over 4,000 millimetres (160 in) annually, while the north coast of East Java receives 900 millimetres (35 in) annually.
The natural environment of Java is tropical rainforest, with ecosystems ranging from coastal mangrove forests on the north coast, rocky coastal cliffs on the southern coast, and low-lying tropical forests to high altitude rainforests on the slopes of mountainous volcanic regions in the interior. The Javan environment and climate gradually alters from west to east; from wet and humid dense rainforest in western parts, to a dry savanna environment in the east, corresponding to the climate and rainfall in these regions._NEWLINE_Originally Javan wildlife supported a rich biodiversity, where numbers of endemic species of flora and fauna flourished; such as the Javan rhinoceros, Javan banteng, Javan warty pig, (tiger), Javan hawk-eagle, Javan peafowl, Javan silvery gibbon, Javan lutung, Java mouse-deer, Javan rusa, and Javan leopard. With over 450 species of birds and 37 endemic species, Java is a birdwatcher's paradise. There are about 130 freshwater fish species in Java. There are also several endemic amphibian species in Java, including 5 species of tree frogs._NEWLINE_Since ancient times, people have opened the rainforest, altered the ecosystem, shaped the landscapes and created rice paddy and terraces to support the growing population. Javan rice terraces have existed for more than a millennium, and had supported ancient agricultural kingdoms. The growing human population has put severe pressure on Java's wildlife, as rainforests were diminished and confined to highland slopes or isolated peninsulas. Some of Java's endemic species are now critically endangered, with some already extinct; Java used to have Javan tigers and Javan elephants, but both have been rendered extinct. Today, several national parks exist in Java that protect the remnants of its fragile wildlife, such as Ujung Kulon, Mount Halimun-Salak, Gede Pangrango, Baluran, Meru Betiri, Bromo Tengger Semeru and Alas Purwo.
Fossilised remains of Homo erectus, popularly known as the "Java Man", dating back 1.7 million years were found along the banks of the Bengawan Solo River._NEWLINE_The island's exceptional fertility and rainfall allowed the development of wet-field rice cultivation, which required sophisticated levels of cooperation between villages. Out of these village alliances, small kingdoms developed. The chain of volcanic mountains and associated highlands running the length of Java kept its interior regions and peoples separate and relatively isolated. Before the advent of Islamic states and European colonialism, the rivers provided the main means of communication, although Java's many rivers are mostly short. Only the Brantas and Sala rivers could provide long-distance communication, and this way their valleys supported the centres of major kingdoms. A system of roads, permanent bridges and toll gates is thought to have been established in Java by at least the mid-17th century. Local powers could disrupt the routes as could the wet season and road use was highly dependent on constant maintenance. Consequently, communication between Java's population was difficult.
The Taruma and Sunda kingdoms of western Java appeared in the 4th and 7th centuries respectively, while the Kalingga Kingdom sent embassies to China starting in 640. However, the first major principality was the Medang Kingdom that was founded in central Java at the beginning of the 8th century. Medang's religion centred on the Hindu god Shiva, and the kingdom produced some of Java's earliest Hindu temples on the Dieng Plateau. Around the 8th century the Sailendra dynasty rose in Kedu Plain and become the patron of Mahayana Buddhism. This ancient kingdom built monuments such as the 9th century Borobudur and Prambanan in central Java._NEWLINE_Around the 10th century the centre of power shifted from central to eastern Java. The eastern Javanese kingdoms of Kediri, Singhasari and Majapahit were mainly dependent on rice agriculture, yet also pursued trade within the Indonesian archipelago, and with China and India._NEWLINE_Majapahit was established by Wijaya and by the end of the reign of Hayam Wuruk (r. 1350–89) it claimed sovereignty over the entire Indonesian archipelago, although control was likely limited to Java, Bali and Madura. Hayam Wuruk's prime minister, Gajah Mada, led many of the kingdom's territorial conquests. Previous Javanese kingdoms had their power based in agriculture, however, Majapahit took control of ports and shipping lanes and became Java's first commercial empire. With the death of Hayam Wuruk and the coming of Islam to Indonesia, Majapahit went into decline.
Islam became the dominant religion in Java at the end of the 16th century. During this era, the Islamic kingdoms of Demak, Cirebon, and Banten were ascendant. The Mataram Sultanate became the dominant power of central and eastern Java at the end of the 16th century. The principalities of Surabaya and Cirebon were eventually subjugated such that only Mataram and Banten were left to face the Dutch in the 17th century.
Java's contact with the European colonial powers began in 1522 with a treaty between the Sunda kingdom and the Portuguese in Malacca. After its failure, the Portuguese presence was confined to Malacca, and to the eastern islands._NEWLINE_In 1596, a four-ship expedition led by Cornelis de Houtman was the first Dutch contact with Indonesia. By the end of the 18th century the Dutch had extended their influence over the sultanates of the interior through the Dutch East India Company in Indonesia. Internal conflict prevented the Javanese from forming effective alliances against the Dutch. Remnants of the Mataram survived as the Surakarta (Solo) and Yogyakarta principalities. Javanese kings claimed to rule with divine authority and the Dutch helped them to preserve remnants of a Javanese aristocracy by confirming them as regents or district officials within the colonial administration._NEWLINE_Java's major role during the early part of the colonial period was as a producer of rice. In spice producing islands like Banda, rice was regularly imported from Java, to supply the deficiency in means of subsistence._NEWLINE_During the Napoleonic wars in Europe, the Netherlands fell to France, as did its colony in the East Indies. During the short-lived Daendels administration, as French proxy rule on Java, the construction of the Java Great Post Road was commenced in 1808. The road, spanning from Anyer in Western Java to Panarukan in East Java, served as a military supply route and was used in defending Java from British invasion._NEWLINE_In 1811, Java was captured by the British, becoming a possession of the British Empire, and Sir Stamford Raffles was appointed as the island's Governor. In 1814, Java was returned to the Dutch under the terms of the Treaty of Paris._NEWLINE_In 1815, there may have been five million people in Java. In the second half of the 18th century, population spurts began in districts along the north-central coast of Java, and in the 19th century population grew rapidly across the island. Factors for the great population growth include the impact of Dutch colonial rule including the imposed end to civil war in Java, the increase in the area under rice cultivation, and the introduction of food plants such as casava and maize that could sustain populations that could not afford rice. Others attribute the growth to the taxation burdens and increased expansion of employment under the Cultivation System to which couples responded by having more children in the hope of increasing their families' ability to pay tax and buy goods. Cholera claimed 100,000 lives in Java in 1820._NEWLINE_The advent of trucks and railways where there had previously only been buffalo and carts, telegraph systems, and more coordinated distribution systems under the colonial government all contributed to famine elimination in Java, and in turn, population growth. There were no significant famines in Java from the 1840s through to the Japanese occupation in the 1940s. However, other sources claimed the Dutch's Cultivation system is linked to famines and epidemics in the 1840s, firstly in Cirebon and then Central Java, as cash crops such as indigo and sugar had to be grown instead of rice. Furthermore, the age of first marriage dropped during the 19th century thus increasing a woman's child-bearing years.
Indonesian nationalism first took hold in Java in the early 20th century, and the struggle to secure the country's independence following World War II was centered in Java. In 1949, Indonesia became independent and the island has dominated Indonesian social, political and economic life, which has been the source of resentment of those residents in other islands.
Despite its large population and in contrast to the other larger islands of Indonesia, Java is comparatively homogeneous in ethnic composition. Only two ethnic groups are native to the island—the Javanese and Sundanese. A third group is the Madurese, who inhabit the island of Madura off the north east coast of Java, and have immigrated to East Java in large numbers since the 18th century. The Javanese comprise about two-thirds of the island's population, while the Sundanese and Madurese account for 20% and 10% respectively. The fourth group is the Betawi people that speak a dialect of Malay, they are the descendants of the people living around Batavia from around the 17th century. Betawis are creole people, mostly descended from various Indonesian archipelago ethnic groups such as Malay, Sundanese, Javanese, Balinese, Minang, Bugis, Makassar, Ambonese, mixed with foreign ethnic groups such as Portuguese, Dutch, Arab, Chinese and Indian brought to or attracted to Batavia to meet labour needs. They have a culture and language distinct from the surrounding Sundanese and Javanese._NEWLINE_The Javanese kakawin Tantu Pagelaran explained the mythical origin of the island and its volcanic nature. Four major cultural areas exist on the island: the kejawen or Javanese heartland, the north coast of the pasisir region, the Sunda lands of West Java, and the eastern salient, also known as Blambangan. Madura makes up a fifth area having close cultural ties with coastal Java. The kejawen Javanese culture is the island's most dominant. Java's remaining aristocracy are based here, and it is the region from where the majority of Indonesia's army, business, and political elite originate. Its language, arts, and etiquette are regarded as the island's most refined and exemplary. The territory from Banyumas in the west through to Blitar in the east and encompasses Indonesia's most fertile and densely populated agricultural land._NEWLINE_In the southwestern part of Central Java, which is usually named the Banyumasan region, a cultural mingling occurred; bringing together Javanese culture and Sundanese culture to create the Banyumasan culture. In the central Javanese court cities of Yogyakarta and Surakarta, contemporary kings trace their lineages back to the pre-colonial Islamic kingdoms that ruled the region, making those places especially strong repositories of classical Javanese culture. Classic arts of Java include gamelan music and wayang puppet shows._NEWLINE_Java was the site of many influential kingdoms in the Southeast Asian region, and as a result, many literary works have been written by Javanese authors. These include Ken Arok and Ken Dedes, the story of the orphan who usurped his king, and married the queen of the ancient Javanese kingdom; and translations of Ramayana and Mahabharata. Pramoedya Ananta Toer is a famous contemporary Indonesian author, who has written many stories based on his own experiences of having grown up in Java, and takes many elements from Javanese folklore and historical legends.
The three major languages spoken on Java are Javanese, Sundanese and Madurese. Other languages spoken include Betawi (a Malay dialect local to the Jakarta region), Osing, Banyumasan, and Tenggerese (closely related to Javanese), Baduy (closely related to Sundanese), Kangeanese (closely related to Madurese), and Balinese. The vast majority of the population also speaks Indonesian, often as a second language.
Java has been a melting pot of religions and cultures, which has created a broad range of religious belief._NEWLINE_Indian influences came first with Shaivism and Buddhism penetrating deeply into society, blending with indigenous tradition and culture. One conduit for this were the ascetics, called resi, who taught mystical practices. A resi lived surrounded by students, who took care of their master's daily needs. Resi's authorities were merely ceremonial. At the courts, Brahmin clerics and pudjangga (sacred literati) legitimised rulers and linked Hindu cosmology to their political needs. Small Hindu enclaves are scattered throughout Java, but there is a large Hindu population along the eastern coast nearest Bali, especially around the town of Banyuwangi._NEWLINE_The coming of Islam, strengthened the status structure of this traditional religious pattern. More than 90 percent of the people of Java are Muslims, on a broad continuum between abangan (more traditional) and santri (more modernist). The Muslim scholar of the writ (Kyai) became the new religious elite as Hindu influences receded. Islam recognises no hierarchy of religious leaders nor a formal priesthood, but the Dutch colonial government established an elaborate rank order for mosque and other Islamic preaching schools. In Javanese pesantren (Islamic schools), The Kyai perpetuated the tradition of the resi. Students around him provided his needs, even peasants around the school._NEWLINE_Pre-Islamic Javan traditions have encouraged Islam in a mystical direction. There emerged in Java a loosely structured society of religious leadership, revolving around kyais, possessing various degrees of proficiency in pre-Islamic and Islamic lore, belief and practice. The kyais are the principal intermediaries between the villages masses and the realm of the supernatural. However, this very looseneess of kyai leadership structure has promoted schism. There were often sharp divisions between orthodox kyais, who merely instructed in Islamic law, with those who taught mysticism and those who sought reformed Islam with modern scientific concepts. As a result, there is a division between santri, who believe that they are more orthodox in their Islamic belief and practice, with abangan, who have mixed pre-Islamic animistic and Hindu-Indian concepts with a superficial acceptance of Islamic belief._NEWLINE_There are also Christian communities, mostly in the larger cities, though some rural areas of south-central Java are strongly Roman Catholic. Buddhist communities also exist in the major cities, primarily among the Chinese Indonesian. The Indonesian constitution recognises six official religions._NEWLINE_A wider effect of this division is the number of sects. In the middle of 1956, the Department of Religious Affairs in Yogyakarta reported 63 religious sects in Java other than the official Indonesian religions. Of these, 35 were in Central Java, 22 in West Java and six in East Java. These include Kejawen, Sumarah, Subud, etc. Their total membership is difficult to estimate as many of their adherents identify themselves with one of the official religions.
Initially the economy of Java relied heavily on rice agriculture. Ancient kingdoms such as the Tarumanagara, Mataram, and Majapahit were dependent on rice yields and tax. Java was famous for rice surpluses and rice export since ancient times, and rice agriculture contributed to the population growth of the island. Trade with other parts of Asia such as ancient India and China flourished as early as the 4th century, as evidenced by Chinese ceramics found on the island dated to that period. Java also took part in the global trade of Maluku spice from ancient times in the Majapahit era, until well into the Dutch East India Company (VOC) era._NEWLINE_The VOC set their foothold on Batavia in the 17th century and was succeeded by the Dutch East Indies in the 19th century. During these colonial times, the Dutch introduced the cultivation of commercial plants in Java, such as sugarcane, rubber, coffee, tea, and quinine. In the 19th and early 20th century, Javanese coffee gained global popularity. Thus, the name "Java" today has become a synonym for coffee._NEWLINE_Java has been Indonesia's most developed island since the Dutch East Indies era and continues to be so today in the modern Republic of Indonesia. The road transportation networks that have existed since ancient times were connected and perfected with the construction of Java Great Post Road by Daendels in the early 19th century. It became the backbone of Java's road infrastructure and laid the base of Java North Coast Road (Indonesian: Jalan Pantura, abbreviation from "Pantai Utara"). The need to transport commercial produces such as coffee from plantations in the interior of the island to the harbour on the coast spurred the construction of railway networks in Java. Today, industry, business, trade and services flourished in major cities of Java, such as Jakarta, Surabaya, Semarang, and Bandung; while some traditional Sultanate cities such as Yogyakarta, Surakarta, and Cirebon preserved its royal legacy and has become the centre of art, culture and tourism. Industrial estates are also growing in towns on northern coast of Java, especially around Cilegon, Tangerang, Bekasi, Karawang, Gresik and Sidoarjo. The toll road highway networks was built and expanded since the New Order until the present day, connecting major urban centres and surrounding areas, such as in and around Jakarta and Bandung; also the ones in Cirebon, Semarang and Surabaya. In addition to these motorways, Java has 16 national highways._NEWLINE_Based on the statistical data by the year of 2012 released by Statistics Indonesia (Badan Pusat Statistik), Java alone contributes at least 57.51% of Indonesia's GDP or equivalent to US$504 billion.
Abdullah was educated in England. She graduated from Queen Mary, University of London with a first class in BSc Computer Science. Her final year thesis was titled A Program Slicing Tool for Analysing Java Programs. Abdullah has an IQ of 150. She was a member of Mensa International, a non-profit organization open to people who score at the 98th percentile of IQ, but left within a year of joining. Given her educational choices, Abdullah has described herself as a ‘nerd by default’.
One way of learning by teaching, is the plastic platypus learning or platypus learning technique. This technique is based on evidence that show that teaching an inanimate object improves understanding and knowledge retention of a subject. _NEWLINE__NEWLINE_The advantage of this technique is that that the learner does not need the presence of another person in order to teach the subject._NEWLINE_The name 'plastic platypus learning' is a paraphrase on the known software engineering technique rubber duck debugging, in which a programmer can find bugs in their code without the help of others, simply by explaining what the code does, line by line, to an inanimate object - namely, a rubber duck._NEWLINE_To increase the effectiveness of plastic platypus learning, learners are advised to do the following:_NEWLINE_1. Prepare notes while learning the subject._NEWLINE_2. Prepare the lesson on the subject (as opposed to just teaching it unprepared; this section demands the most time and energy, and may be omitted in some situations)._NEWLINE_3. Teach the subject without using the notes at all (the student knows this beforehand)._NEWLINE_Obviously, this technique may work with any inanimate object, and not just plastic platypuses.
Mahwah High School offers 20 Advanced Placement (AP) courses, which include AP Biology, AP Calculus AB, AP Calculus BC, AP Chemistry, AP Computer Science, AP Economics (includes one semester of macroeconomics and one semester of microeconomics), AP English Language and Composition, AP English Literature and Composition, AP European History, AP French, AP Music Theory, AP Physics, AP Psychology, AP Spanish, AP Statistics, AP Studio Art, AP Psychology AP United States Government and Politics, and AP US History.  In the 2009-10 school year, 128 students participated in Mahwah High School's AP course offerings, taking a total of 258 examinations that year of which 87% achieved a grade of 3 or higher.
One of the older clubs in the school, the Robotics Club Team 1672 (team1672.org) was started in 2005 with the help of advisors Mr. Light, Mrs. Loesche, and Mr. Segall. This team assigned #1672, is part of the FIRST Robotics Competition or FRC. This club encourages all students with or without knowledge in the STEM field wishing to learn more about mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, computer science, as well as running a business. Teams of highschool students around the world compete in yearly competitions. Now, the club is entering its 14th year of participating in FIRST, and operates out of Building 5 in the robotics room. The current advisors are Ms. Catherine Schwarts and Mr. Joseph Carmelo Montana. Previous Presidents include Daniel Schnoll, Rebecca Rahimi, Jacob Davis, Kyle Mikolajczyk, and Nick Quitoni. For up-to-date information on the team, visit their website.
Borodovsky started research in Bioinformatics at the Institute of Molecular Genetics USSR Academy of Sciences in 1985. In 1986 he introduced use of inhomogeneous Markov chain models for efficient modeling of protein-coding regions; this approach became a standard feature of gene finding algorithms. In 1990 he established a bioinformatics lab at Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta. Borodovsky has made many contributions in the area of development of gene finding algorithms, notably the GeneMark program (1993) that made an impact in the field and was used for annotation of the first completely sequenced genomes of Haemophilus influenzae and Methanococcus jannaschii. First hand experience in a number of genome projects motivated further development of advanced algorithms applicable to viral, prokaryotic, eukaryotic genomes and metagenomes. These algorithms are currently in use in many research labs in the US and abroad as well as at the major sequencing and annotation centers, such as the Broad Institute, DOE Joint Genome Institute and NIH National Center for Biotechnology Information.
Mark Edwards has 20 years of communications, hardware, software and international executive management experience. Prior to joining Mformation, a mobile device management (MDM (Modular Digital Multitrack) software provider, as CEO based in New Jersey USA. In 2005, they opened a new office in Bangalore, India. he was the EVP of Marketing and Sales for Symbian, a wireless operating system company developing the OS for next-generation data-enabled mobile phones, owned by Ericsson, Nokia, Panasonic, Psion, Samsung Electronics, Siemens and Sony Ericsson. He led Symbian's global sales, marketing, public relations, strategy, developer relations, and partner management, establishing high-level relationships with global carriers and handset vendors, and broadening Symbian's position in the global telecommunications market._NEWLINE_Edwards has served on the boards of a number of leading-edge wireless technology providers as non-Executive Chairman. Prior to Symbian, he held executive management positions at Psion Computers PLC and Spring Group PLC, and founded and served as CEO of CRT Multimedia Ltd, an international multimedia electronic publishing company. Prior to founding CRT Multimedia, he was head of Windows marketing at Microsoft UK Ltd. and took Windows from under 10% market share to over 90% in 18 months. He also served as Product and Program Manager for the DAT (digital audio tape) global product line at Hewlett Packard, CPB._NEWLINE_Edwards joined MDS, a convergent real-time billing company as CEO in 2013. His blue-chip technology experience and reputation as 'growth CEO' have become established over the last 14 years, as he has led the rapid growth of a number of mobile businesses. This includes Mformation, a company that Edwards grew from a start-up to a global leader in mobile device management, supplying Tier 1 customers, and Aylus Networks, a leader in mobile video technology.
Mollom was originally developed by Dries Buytaert, who was also the founder and lead developer of the Drupal CMS. It used three specific technologies to detect spam and malicious content - machine learning, text analytics, and CAPTCHA. According to Acquia, between Mollom's launch in March 2008 and its acquisition by Acquia in August 2012, Mollom had blocked over one billion spam messages for its customers, including Sony Music, Stanford University, and Twitter._NEWLINE_Mollom was acquired by Acquia in August 2012. On April 27, 2017, the company announced it would stop the sale of Mollom service on May 1, 2017. The service shut down completely on April 2, 2018, having blocked more than 13.5 billion spam comments since its inception.
The systematic treatment of the dynamic behavior of interconnected bodies has led to a large number of important multibody formalisms in the field of mechanics. The simplest bodies or elements of a multibody system were treated by Newton (free particle) and Euler (rigid body). Euler introduced reaction forces between bodies. Later, a series of formalisms were derived, only to mention Lagrange’s formalisms based on minimal coordinates and a second formulation that introduces constraints._NEWLINE_Basically, the motion of bodies is described by their kinematic behavior. The dynamic behavior results from the equilibrium of applied forces and the rate of change of momentum._NEWLINE_Nowadays, the term multibody system is related to a large number of engineering fields of research, especially in robotics and vehicle dynamics. As an important feature, multibody system formalisms usually offer an algorithmic, computer-aided way to model, analyze, simulate and optimize the arbitrary motion of possibly thousands of interconnected bodies.
The equations of motion (1,2) are represented by means of redundant coordinates, meaning that the coordinates are not independent. This can be exemplified by the slider-crank mechanism shown above, where each body has six degrees of freedom while most of the coordinates are dependent on the motion of the other bodies. For example, 18 coordinates and 17 constraints could be used to describe the motion of the slider-crank with rigid bodies. However, as there is only one degree of freedom, the equation of motion could be also represented by means of one equation and one degree of freedom, using e.g. the angle of the driving link as degree of freedom. The latter formulation has then the minimum number of coordinates in order to describe the motion of the system and can be thus called a minimal coordinates formulation. The transformation of redundant coordinates to minimal coordinates is sometimes cumbersome and only possible in the case of holonomic constraints and without kinematical loops. Several algorithms have been developed for the derivation of minimal coordinate equations of motion, to mention only the so-called recursive formulation. The resulting equations are easier to be solved because in the absence of constraint conditions, standard time integration methods can be used to integrate the equations of motion in time. While the reduced system might be solved more efficiently, the transformation of the coordinates might be computationally expensive. In very general multibody system formulations and software systems, redundant coordinates are used in order to make the systems user-friendly and flexible.
Neo has carried, since his conception, the Matrix's source code known as the Prime Program. This gives him the ability to freely manipulate the simulated reality of the Matrix, similar to the authority a system administrator has over a given system. He manifests these abilities as various superhuman powers._NEWLINE_The power Neo exhibits most often is akin to telekinesis in the Matrix. In that, he seems capable of manipulating any object in the Matrix through will alone. By focusing this ability upon himself, he can fly at amazing speeds and jump great distances. Whilst his speed is never specified, he flies from the Merovingian's mountain manor to the highway "500 miles due south" in a very short time. His speed of flight is further exemplified by his ability to escape explosions, and the sonic boom left in his wake has the power to overturn rows of heavy vehicles. He has used this ability multiple times to stop several bullets in mid flight, first against the Agents and again against the Merovingian._NEWLINE_In addition to his abilities, Neo possesses superhuman strength and agility, and is near-invulnerable to most attacks.  Although his physical endurance is immense, Neo can still be harmed or killed, as evidenced by an injury that Neo suffers while blocking a sword with his hand.  His endurance is also finite: when confronted by masses of Smith clones in the second film, Neo was forced to escape rather than continue fighting though he easily overpowered at least 40 Smith clones and threw about 50 off him, and upon being disconnected from the Matrix, he appeared exhausted and winded. His reflexes are great enough to dodge bullets. Neo's strength and speed level have never been accurately measured; he is known to be capable of Mach 8, at least, and Mach 10 under stress, but his upper limit has never been shown.  In the third movie, Neo has reached his (apparent) full strength; he is capable of withstanding a direct physical punch from Smith, and is also able to hold his own in a prolonged fight (though his endurance is not without limit; he can fight Smith to a standstill, but not defeat him)._NEWLINE_In the real world, Neo does not display any of the aforementioned abilities aside from fighting skills. Neo does have some degree of wireless connectivity with the Matrix system: he eventually learns to sense the presence of the Machines, and even interfere with their function. This capability initially overwhelms him, and he loses consciousness from the strain.  According to the Oracle, "The power of The One extends beyond the Matrix. It reaches from here all the way back to where it came from." Apparently because of his status as The One, he has a direct connection to the Source, and can therefore affect everything connected to it.  After he is blinded in the fight against Smith/Bane, Neo begins to perceive everything connected to the Source, including the Machine City itself, as silhouettes of golden light; he is thus able to see Smith/Bane and kill him.
A theoretical associative memory model with a practical implementation running in real-time on modern hardware was proposed, the Gripon-Berrou Neural Network or Cliques Neural Network, an extension of the Hopfield network. This model suggest that the encoding of memories or information is done in constant O(1) time, by simply creating synapses between the neurons, creating a clique in a subgraph of the network, representing the memory. The decoding is then simple and fast, based on the biological neurons behavior of the all-or-none and winner-takes-all. This model demonstrates the usefulness of cliques, by allowing the reconstruction of a full memory from a partial or corrupted input, even with unreliable synapses and neurons, and providing an explanation for associative train of thoughts when pre-cueing subjects with a familiar sensory stimuli (e.g., Proust's madeleine).
In 1980, Nhoah played the drums in various local bands in Berlin (i.a. Aeroflot, Komeda Artist) and worked alongside numerous international artists who resided in the city (e.g., Jayne County, Romy Haag, Hot Java)._NEWLINE_Around this time electronic means of music production gained momentum and computationally derived sounds began to influence his work significantly. He continued to compose, produce and engineer musical content (e.g., for Larry Steinbacheck/Bronski Beat, Gareth Jones, Rio Reiser, Marianne Rosenberg) working mainly in Hansa Tonstudio and Tritonus Studio Berlin._NEWLINE_Several contract works followed (i.a. The Pogues, Peacock Palace, David Hasselhoff)._NEWLINE_In 1998, he founded the record label and artist management company "R.O.T respectortolerate“ to support and mentor the development of artistic talent from which multiple successful projects originated (e.g., MIA., The Aim of Design Is to Define Space, Schlindwein, Lulu Schmidt)._NEWLINE_In 2011, the first album of his project Tangowerk by Nhoah was released. It mirrors musical influences from the notorious electro clubs of Berlin and tango orchestra from Buenos Aires. Many of the contributors are internationally recognised artists such as Adriana Varela, Louie Austen, Berlin Comedian Harmonists, Mieze Katz (from MIA.), Walter "Chino" Laborde, Ina Viola or Lulu Schmidt. The project also features elaborate visuals (video: Carola Schmidt), a complimentary movie and a stage play are in the making . The album Tangowerk was nominated for the German Record Critics' Award Preis der deutschen Schallplattenkritik._NEWLINE_Nhoah received various gold and platinum awards for his productions. His work includes collaborations with the producers of The Eurythmics, Depeche Mode and Bronski Beat's Larry Steinbachek._NEWLINE_Since 2017, NHOAH has performed as a live-act and DJ. Since then, he released one studio album, several EP´s and a live album with electronic music. Mainly in the genres Techno, Deep House and Electronica._NEWLINE_Spanning over decades, Nhoah's comprehensive body of work continues to garner the recognition of publications such as Resident Advisor, The Quietus, TRAX Mag, Clash Mag, PopMatters, Data Transmission, The Arts Desk, Be At TV, Electronic Groove and BBC 6 Music’s Nemone.
There are OpenDocument-oriented libraries available for languages such as Java, Python, Ruby, C++ and C#. OpenDoc Society maintains an extensive list of ODF software libraries for OpenDocument Format._NEWLINE_OpenDocument packages are ordinary zip files. There is an OpenDocument format which is just a single XML file, but most applications use the package format. Thus, any of the vast number of tools for handling zip files and XML data can be used to handle OpenDocument.  Nearly all programming languages have libraries (built-in or available) for processing XML files and zip files.
Today, OPC is rarely practiced without the use of commercial packages from electronic design automation (EDA) vendors. Advances in algorithms, modeling techniques and the use of large compute farms has enabled the most critical patterning layers to be corrected overnight, starting from the 130 nm design rules (when model based OPC was first used)   down to the most advanced designs of today using 32 nm design rules. The number of layers requiring sophisticated OPC has increased with advanced nodes, as previously non-critical layers now require compensation._NEWLINE_The use of OPC is not restricted to the low  features which are commonly encountered today, but can be applied to any desired image correction scheme which can be modeled accurately. For example, proximity effect correction in electron beam lithography is included as an automated capability on commercial electron-beam lithography tools. Since many non-lithographic processes exhibit their own proximity effects, e.g., chemical-mechanical polishing or plasma etching, these effects can be mixed in with the original OPC.
Picsearch has developed all of its search service in-house, including spidering of the Web, indexing of image, video, and audio files, and an efficient way of distributing the results to users from all parts of the world. Picsearch’s algorithms are patented in Sweden and patent-pending in the EU and the United States.
Pinelands Regional High School officially opened on September 5, 1979, as a Junior-Senior High School, originally housing grades 7-12 from Tuckerton, Little Egg Harbor, Bass River, and Eagleswood. Prior to the opening of the school, students from those towns had attended Southern Regional School District in Manahawkin._NEWLINE_The building originally housed grades 7-8 on the third floor, 9-10 on the second, and 11-12 on the first. During the first school year (1979-1980) there was no senior class, as those students were allowed finish the year at Southern Regional High School. The building featured an experimental "open classroom" design, where a large group of students of varying skill levels would be in a single, large classroom with several teachers overseeing them; and contained no interior walls. However, this format didn't last long, and in the 1980s, the rooms were walled off, and separated by floor-to-ceiling folding partitions._NEWLINE_In 1991, Pinelands Middle School opened across the street for students in grades 7-8. Also in the 90s, a new building was completed next to the high school, which houses a daycare center called "Rainbow Express". Students taking Child Care classes go to class in this building to help with the daycare kids. In 2002, the Middle School was expanded and the 9th grade was moved there. When the expansion was completed at the Middle School, it was renamed "Pinelands Regional Junior High School" while the High School was renamed the "Senior High School", although this name is rarely used._NEWLINE_Most of the High School is centered around a "Commons" area, which is a two-story open court with skylights, benches, and planters. The commons is home to many of the school's events, such as the Junior Prom, Semi-formal, and Jazz & Java Art show. Most of the commons feeds into a 3-story mall-like hallway where most of the classrooms are off of. Most elective classes, such as Art rooms, Shop classes, Auto tech, etc. are located in the one-story "D-wing" away from the rest of the classrooms, surrounding the Auditorium._NEWLINE_Most of the school, especially the Commons area, has remained unchanged since its 1979 opening. Elements from the decade, such as globe lighting, planters, and earth tones are present. Recent major improvements to the school include renovated science labs and locker rooms, expanded parking lot, permanent lighting for the football field, and repainting of the lockers._NEWLINE_In 2010, budget cuts resulted in the removal of several teachers and programs, including Freshmen sports and the three-day Pinelands Experience, which had been held annually at the school since its opening._NEWLINE_After rejecting all three referendum questions the previous November, voters approved all three bond questions in January 2017 to cover the costs of a $53.6 million renovation and upgrade job to address structural issues in the high school and junior high school. By October, the school was closed indefinitely due to complications in the construction process, with classes temporarily moved to available locations at the junior high school.
The probabilistic serial procedure (PS), also called serial eating algorithm, is a procedure for fair random assignment. It yields a randomized allocation of indivisible items among several agents that is both envy-free and Pareto efficient. It was suggested by Hervé Moulin and Anna Bogomolnaia.
In the field of psychology, nativism is the view that certain skills or abilities are "native" or hard-wired into the brain at birth. This is in contrast to empiricism, the "blank slate" or tabula rasa view, which states that the brain has inborn capabilities for learning from the environment but does not contain content such as innate beliefs. This factor contributes to the ongoing nature versus nurture dispute, one borne from the current difficulty of reverse engineering the subconscious operations of the brain, especially the human brain._NEWLINE_Some nativists believe that specific beliefs or preferences are "hard wired". For example, one might argue that some moral intuitions are innate or that color preferences are innate.  A less established argument is that nature supplies the human mind with specialized learning devices. This latter view differs from empiricism only to the extent that the algorithms that translate experience into information may be more complex and specialized in nativist theories than in empiricist theories. However, empiricists largely remain open to the nature of learning algorithms and are by no means restricted to the historical associationist mechanisms of behaviorism.
NVivo is a qualitative data analysis (QDA) software package that was first released in 1999. NVivo allows users to import, sort and analyze data like web pages and social media, audio files, spread sheets, databases, digital photos, documents, PDFs, bibliographical data, rich text and plain text documents. Users can interchange data with applications like Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, IBM SPSS Statistics, EndNote, Microsoft OneNote, SurveyMonkey and Evernote. NVivo is multi-lingual and can be used in English, French, German, Japanese, Chinese, Portuguese and Spanish.  Users can order transcripts of media files from within NVivo 10, 11 and 12 (Windows) using TranscribeMe in English, Chinese, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish. NVivo for Windows also allows users to perform text analysis and create visualizations of their data. The software is certified for use with Microsoft's Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10  operating system. _NEWLINE_NVivo for Mac was released in June 2014. It can be used to analyze interviews, focus group discussions, web pages, social media data, observations and literature reviews and enables researchers to work with content from documents, PDFs, audio and video._NEWLINE_NVivo for Teams (NVivo Server) is designed to let users analyze and manage NVivo projects centrally so teams can work together in the same project at the same time._NEWLINE_XSight software was released in 2006 and supported until January 2014. It was software for commercial market researchers or those undertaking short term qualitative research projects. NVivo 12 (Windows) software offers equivalent functionality, with greater flexibility and enables researchers to work with more data types including PDFs, surveys, images, video, audio, web and social media content._NEWLINE_Interpris is software that is intended to help users import, sort and analyse survey data from Survey Monkey, a Microsoft Excel workbook, or uploaded from a .CSV file,
Quality objectives describe basic requirements for software quality. In quality engineering they often address the quality attributes of availability, security, safety, reliability and performance. With the help of quality models like ISO/IEC 25000 and methods like the Goal Question Metric approach it is possible to attribute metrics to quality objectives. This allows measuring the degree of attainment of quality objectives. This is a key component of the quality engineering process and, at the same time, is a prerequisite for its continuous monitoring and control. To ensure effective and efficient measuring of quality objectives the integration of core numbers, which were identified manually (e.g. by expert estimates or reviews), and automatically identified metrics (e.g. by statistical analysis of source codes or automated regression tests) as a basis for decision-making is favourable.
Quantum clustering (QC), is a data clustering algorithm accomplished by substituting each point in a given dataset with a Gaussian. The width of the Gaussian is a sigma value, a hyper-parameter which can be manually defined and manipulated to suit the application. Gradient descent is then used to "move" the points to their local minima. These local minima then define the cluster centers. QC has not been evaluated against traditional modern clustering algorithms, aside from Jaccard scoring. QC has thus far failed to produce separations with enough variance to exploit at big data scale.
Traditional approaches to QC tend toward quadratic O(n^2), while solutions in deep learning are necessarily linearly limited due to scale and complexity: O(n)._NEWLINE_With the possible exception of exponent distance-based quantum clustering algorithms, many QC solutions still required data preprocessing (primarily, cleaning to resolve noise, artifacting, column gapping and interchange). This preprocessing step, even when successful, would introduce inherent data bias by corrupting the full richness of the data set.
Tokenization is the process of breaking up a text string into words or other meaningful elements called tokens. Typically, tokenization occurs at the word level. However, it is sometimes difficult to define what is meant by a "word". Often a tokenizer relies on simple heuristics, such as splitting the string on punctuation and whitespace characters. Tokenization is more challenging in languages without spaces between words, such as Chinese and Japanese. Tokenizing text in these languages requires the use of word segmentation algorithms.
Spelling correction is the process of automatically detecting and correcting spelling errors in search queries. Most spelling correction algorithms are based on a language model, which determines the a priori probability of an intended query, and an error model (typically a noisy channel model), which determines the probability of a particular misspelling, given an intended query.
Many, but not all, language inflect words to reflect their role in the utterance they appear in: a word such as *care* may appear as, besides the base form. as *cares*, *cared*, *caring*, and others. The variation between various forms of a word is likely to be of little importance for the relatively coarse-grained model of meaning involved in a retrieval system, and for this reason the task of conflating the various forms of a word is a potentially useful technique to increase recall of a retrieval system._NEWLINE_The languages of the world vary in how much morphological variation they exhibit, and for some languages there are simple methods to reduce a word in query to its lemma or root form or its stem. For some other languages, this operation involves non-trivial string processing.  A noun in English typically appears in four variants: *cat* *cat's* *cats* *cats'* or *child* *child´s* *children* *children's*. Other languages have more variation. Finnish, e.g., potentially exhibits about 5000 forms for a noun, and for many languages the inflectional forms are not limited to affixes but change the core of the word itself._NEWLINE_Stemming algorithms, also known as stemmers, typically use a collection of simple rules to remove suffixes intended to model the language’s inflection rules._NEWLINE_More advanced methods, lemmatisation methods, group together the inflected forms of a word through more complex rule sets based on a word’s part of speech or its record in a  lexical database, transforming an inflected word through lookup or a series of transformations to its lemma. For a long time, it was taken to be proven that morphological normalisation by and large did not help retrieval performance._NEWLINE_Once the attention of the information retrieval field moved to languages other than English, it was found that for some languages there were obvious gains to be found.
Entity recognition is the process of locating and classifying entities within a text string. Named-entity recognition specifically focuses on named entities, such as names of people, places, and organizations. In addition, entity recognition includes identifying concepts in queries that may be represented by multi-word phrases. Entity recognition systems typically use grammar-based linguistic techniques or statistical machine learning models.
The kernel of RSTS was programmed in the assembly language MACRO-11, compiled and installed to a disk using the CILUS program, running on a DOS-11 operating system. RSTS booted into an extended version of the BASIC programming language which DEC called "BASIC-PLUS". All of the system software CUSPS for the operating system, including the programs for resource accounting, login, logout, and managing the system, were written in BASIC-PLUS. From 1970 to 1973, RSTS ran in only 56K bytes of magnetic core memory (64 kilobytes including the memory-mapped I/O space). This would allow a system to have up to 16 terminals with a maximum of 17 jobs. The maximum program size was 16K bytes. By the end of 1973 DEC estimated there were 150 licensed systems running RSTS._NEWLINE_In 1973 memory management support was included in RSTS (now RSTS/E) for the newer DEC PDP-11/40 and PDP-11/45 minicomputers (the PDP-11/20 was only supported under RSTS-11). The introduction of memory management in the newer PDP-11 computers not only meant these machines were able to address four times the amount of memory (18-bit addressing, 256K bytes), it also paved the way for the developers to separate user mode processes from the core of the kernel._NEWLINE_In 1975 memory management support was again updated for the newer 22-bit addressable PDP-11/70. RSTS systems could now be expanded to use as much as two megabytes of memory running up to 63 jobs. The RTS and CCL concepts were introduced although they had to be compiled in during "SYSGEN". Multi-terminal service was introduced which would allow a single job the ability to control multiple terminals (128 total). Large-message send/receive and interprocess communication became very sophisticated and efficient. By August there are 1,200 licensed systems._NEWLINE_In 1977 the installation process for RSTS was no longer dependent on DOS-11. The RSTS kernel could now be compiled under the RT-11 RTS, formatted as a kernel file with RT-11 SILUS, and copied to the system or other disks, while the computer was time-sharing. The BASIC-PLUS RTS (as well as RT-11, RSX-11, TECO and third party RTSs) all ran as user mode processes, independent of the RSTS kernel. A systems manager could now decide during the bootstrap phase which RTS to run as the systems default KBM. By now, there were some 3,100 licensed systems._NEWLINE_In 1978 the final memory management update was included for all machines that could support 22bit addressing. RSTS could now use the maximum amount of memory available to a PDP-11 (4 megabytes). Support was also included for SUPERVISORY mode which made RSTS the first DEC operating system with this capability. DECnet was also supported as well as remote diagnostics from field service technicians at the RDC in Colorado Springs, Colorado (a DEC subscription service). By the end of the decade, there are over 5,000 licensed systems.
In 1981 support for separate instruction and data space for users with Unibus machines (PDP-11/44, PDP-11/45, PDP-11/55 and PDP-11/70) provided an extension to the memory constraints of an individual program. Compiling programs to use separate instruction and data space would soon give a program up to 64 kB for instructions, and up to 64 kB for buffering data. The DCL RTS is included as well as support for the newer revision of DECnet III._NEWLINE_In 1983 RSTS/E V8.0-06 included support for the smallest 18-bit PDP-11 sold by DEC (the MicroPDP-11). A pre-generated kernel and CUSPS were included in this distribution to make installation on the MicroPDP-11 easier. DEC sold the pre-generated version on the MicroPDP-11 as MicroRSTS at a reduced price, however users needed to purchase the full version if they had a need to generate their own kernel. The file system was upgraded and given the designation RSTS Directory Structure 1 (RDS1). All previous versions of the RSTS file system are given the designation RDS0. The newer file system is designed to support more than 1700 user accounts. "It is now thought that there are well over 10,000 licensed users and at least an equal number of unlicensed users!"._NEWLINE_From 1985 to 1989 RSTS became a mature product in the Version 9 revisions. DCL was installed as the primary RTS and the file system was again upgraded (now RDS1.2) to support new user account features. Passwords were now encrypted using a modified DES algorithm instead of limited to six (6) characters stored in DEC Radix-50 format. Before Version 9, there was a non-user system account in the project (group) zero (the designation is [0,1]), and all accounts in project number 1 were privileged (not unlike the root account on Unix systems). After Version 9 was released, additional accounts could be created for project zero, and multiple privileges could be individually set for any account. Support for the LAT protocol was included as well as the ability to run the newest version of DECnet IV. These network enhancements gave any user connected to a terminal through a DECserver the ability to communicate with a RSTS machine, just as easily as they could with a VAX running VMS. The DCL command structure between DEC operating systems also contributed to the familiar look and feel:_NEWLINE_"This is not just another pseudo command file processor; it is based on VMS features. The DCL command file processor is fully supported and integrated in RSTS through extensive changes to DCL and the monitor. DCL executes command files as part of your job; therefore, no pseudo keyboard or forcing of commands to your keyboard is necessary (as with ATPK)."
In every project, the programmer number 0 was usually reserved as a group account, as it could be referenced by the special symbol #. If one's user number were [20,103], a reference to a file name beginning with "#" would refer to a file stored in the account of the user number [20,0]. This feature would be useful in educational environments, as programmer number 0 could be issued to the instructor of a class, and the individuals students given accounts with the same project number, and the instructor could store in his account files marked as shared only for that project number (which would be students in that class only, and no other)._NEWLINE_Two special classes of project numbers existed. The project number 0 is generally reserved for system software, and prior to Version 9 there was only 1 project 0 account (named [0,1]). Programmers in the project number 1 were privileged accounts, equivalent to the single account "root" on Unix systems, except that the account numbers [1,0] through [1,254] were all privileged accounts. After Version 9 was released, any account could be granted specific privileges by the systems manager._NEWLINE_The account [0,1] is used to store the operating system file itself, all run-time library systems, and certain system files relating to booting the system (author's comments appear on the right in bold):_NEWLINE_DIR [0,1]_NEWLINE_ Name .Ext    Size   Prot    Date       SY:[0,1]_NEWLINE_BADB  .SYS       0P  < 63> 06-Jun-98         List of bad blocks_NEWLINE_SATT  .SYS       3CP < 63> 06-Jun-98         Bitmap of allocated disk storage_NEWLINE_INIT  .SYS     419P  < 40> 06-Jun-98         Operating system loader program_NEWLINE_ERR   .ERR      16CP < 40> 06-Jun-98         System error messages_NEWLINE_RSTS  .SIL     307CP < 60> 06-Jun-98         Operating system itself_NEWLINE_BASIC .RTS      73CP < 60> 06-Jun-98         BASIC-PLUS run time system_NEWLINE_RT11  .RTS      20C  < 60> 06-Jun-98         RT-11 run time system_NEWLINE_SWAP  .SYS    1024CP < 63> 06-Jun-98         System swap file_NEWLINE_CRASH .SYS      35CP < 63> 06-Jun-98         System crash dump_NEWLINE_RSX   .RTS      16C  < 60> 23-Sep-79         RSX-11 run-time system_NEWLINE_TECO  .RTS      39C  < 60> 24-Sep-79         TECO text editor_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Total of 1952 blocks in 11 files in SY:[0,1]_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_(Editor's note: This directory listing is previous to Version 9.)_NEWLINE_The DIR command is an installed CCL equivalent to a RUN command for the DIRECT program. [0,1] is the account number (and directory name) of the operating system storage account. It would be referred to as "project number 0, programmer number 1"._NEWLINE_The numbers shown after each file represent its size in disk blocks, a block being 512 bytes or 1/2 kilobyte (K). "C" indicates the file is contiguous (is stored as one file without being separated into pieces, similar to files on a Microsoft Windows system after a drive has been defragmented), while "P" indicates it is specially protected (cannot be deleted, even by a privileged user, unless the P bit is cleared by separate command). The numbers in brackets (like "< 40>") represent the protections for the file, which is always displayed in decimal. Protections indicate if the file may be seen by any other user, by other users with the same programmer number, if the file is read only or if it may be altered by another user, and whether the file may be executed by an ordimary user giving them additional privileges. These protection codes are very similar to the r, w and x protections in Unix and similar operating systems such as BSD and Linux. Code 60 is equivalent to a private file, code 63 is a private non-deletable file, and 40 is a public file._NEWLINE_Library files are kept in account [1,1] and it is usually referenced by the logical name LB:. The account [1,2] is the system startup account (much like a unix system starting up under root), and contains the system CUSPS that could be referenced by prefixing the CUSP name with a dollar sign ($). "!" is used for account [1,3], "%" for [1,4] and "&" for [1,5]. The account [1,1] also had the special privilege of being the only account where a user logged in under that account is permitted to execute the POKE system call to put values into any memory in the system. Thus the account number [1,1] is the closest equivalent to "root" on Unix-based systems.
Programs written in BASIC-PLUS ran under the BASIC RTS, which allowed them up to 32K bytes of memory (out of 64K total). The language was interpreted, each different keyword being internally converted to a unique byte code and the variables and data being indexed and stored separately within the memory space. The internal byte-code format was known as PCODE - when the interactive SAVE command was issued, the BASIC Plus RTS simply saved the working memory area to a disk file with a ".BAC" extension. Although this format was undocumented, two Electronic Engineering undergraduates from Southampton University in the UK (Nick de Smith and David Garrod) developed a decompiler that could reverse engineer BAC files into their original BASIC Plus source, complete with original line numbers and variable names (both subsequently worked for DEC). The rest of the memory was used by the BASIC RTS itself. If one wrote programs in a language that permitted true binary executables such as BASIC-Plus-2, FORTRAN-IV, or Macro Assembler, then the amount of memory available would be 56K (8K allocated to the RTS). The standard BASIC-PLUS prompt is the "Ready" response (example):_NEWLINE_newNew file name--HWORLDReady10 Print "Hello World"20 Input "Press Control-T for 1 line status: ";a$30 EndrunHWORLD  10:17 PM        01-Jan-08Hello WorldPress Control-T for 1 line status: ?1       KB0     HWORLD+BASIC    KB(0R)  2(16)K+14K      0.2(+0.0) +0ReadysaveReadycompileReadyDIR HWORLD.*/na/ex/si/prSY:[1,2]HWORLD.BAS       1   < 60>HWORLD.BAC       7C  <124>Total of 8 blocks in 2 files in SY:[1,2]Ready
Starting with Version 9, DCL became the primary startup RTS even though it does not have the ability to execute binary programs. This became possible with the advent of the disappearing RSX RTS (see below). DCL was incorporated into all of the recent versions of DEC's operating systems (RSX-11, RT-11, VMS, and later OpenVMS) for compatibility. The standard DCL prompt is the dollar "$" sign (example):_NEWLINE_$ write 0 "Hello World, it is "+F$TIME()Hello World, it is 01-Jan-08 10:20 PM$ inquire p1 "Press Control-T for 1 line status:"Press Control-T for 1 line status:1       KB0      DCL+DCL       KB(0R)       4(8)K+24K       0.1(+0.1) -8$ set verify/debug/watch_NEWLINE_$ show memory_NEWLINE_(show memory)(SYSTAT/C)Memory allocation table: Start   End  Length  Permanent   Temporary   0K -   85K (  86K) MONITOR  86K - 1737K (1652K)   (User)1738K - 1747K (  10K)   (User)    DAPRES LIB1748K - 1751K (   4K)   (User)    RMSRES LIB1752K - 2043K ( 292K) ** XBUF **2044K -  *** END ***$
Beginning with version 9.0, an undocumented feature would allow the system manager to change the display of the system date. RSTS now became the first operating system that would display the system date as a set of numbers representing a stardate as commonly known from the TV series Star Trek.
System Industries bought the only source license for RSTS to implement an enhancement called SIMACS (SImultaneous Machine ACceSs), which allowed their special disk controller to set a semaphore flag for disk access, allowing multiple WRITES to the same files on a RSTS System where the disk is shared by multiple PDP-11 RSTS systems. This feature was implemented in System Industries controllers that were attached to many DEC computers and designed by Dr. Albert Chu while he worked at System Industries._NEWLINE_This required many changes to the way access to disks was accomplished by the RSTS operating system. The FIPS (File Information Processing System) system, that handled i/o access, was single-threaded in RSTS. To allow a disk access to stall while another machine had active access to a block, required that the FIPS could timeout a request, go to the next request and 'come back' to the stalled one in a round robin fashion. The code to allow this was written by Philip Hunt while working at System Industries, in Milipitas, CA. He eventually worked for Digital Equipment in the New England area in the late 1980s and early '90s.
RTB House was founded in 2012 by Robert Dyczkowski, Bartłomiej Romański, Daniel Surmacz and Paweł Chodaczek, who bootstrapped the company._NEWLINE_In 2012 RTB House created the MarTech solution, which identifies a group of web users, analyzes their online shopping behavior, and eventually displays a highly personalized ad message to the user._NEWLINE_In 2013 RTB House launched first campaigns in the Western, and Central and Eastern Europe._NEWLINE_After achieving a strong position on the European markets, in October 2015 RTB House decided to extend its international operations to advertisers in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Taiwan and claimed that Asia-Pacific region is one of the key directions when it comes to the company further international activities._NEWLINE_In 2016 RTB House launched activities in Singapore, in the Latin America region: Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Mexico, and in the MEA region._NEWLINE_In 2017 RTB House announced that 100% of its campaigns are driven by deep learning, currently the most promising subfield of AI-oriented research. The model uses mathematical functions inspired by the neurons in human’s brains. The company unveiled also new market presence in the Asia-Pacific (APAC) region as it entered Australia, New Zealand, India and China._NEWLINE_In 2018 RTB House started to build its structures in the US and Japan._NEWLINE_In 2019 the company continued its expansion in the APAC region, by opening the first office in Seoul, South Korea_NEWLINE_Through the years, RTB House has grown revenues 100% year-over-year (without any external financing) and closed 2017 financial year with $57.6M revenue. The RTB House team is composed of more than 500 specialists from all over the world and still growing._NEWLINE_In 2019 an international private equity firm, Cinven, announced that it has signed an agreement to invest in RTB House to support the company in continuous developing the cutting-edge technology and further professionalising the business with international best practices.
In 2018 RTB House was awarded the 2018 Big Innovation Award by the Business Intelligence Group for adopting deep learning within every single algorithm, resulting in higher returns on investment for its advertisers._NEWLINE_The company was also shortlisted for three awards at the 2018 Performance Marketing Awards: Best Performance Marketing Technology, Best Use of Automation or AI, and Industry Disruptor Award._NEWLINE_In 2018 RTB House was placed 46 out of 1,000 fastest growing European companies in the Financial Times 1000: Europe’s Fastest Growing Companies 2018, recognizing organizations in Europe with the strongest revenue growth between the years 2013 and 2016._NEWLINE_In 2018 RTB House won The AIconics Awards in "Best Application of AI for Sales & Marketing" category. The company was also shortlisted for "Best Innovation in Deep Learning" category._NEWLINE_In 2018 RTB House was shortlisted for the Tech. AWARDS organized by Retail Week in the "Artificial Intelligence Pioneer" category._NEWLINE_In 2018 RTB House won Silver Stevie® award in The Most Innovative Company of the Year - Up to 2,500 Employees category._NEWLINE_In 2018 RTB House was recognized in the “Big Five” category (2nd place) in the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Central Europe. This category ranks large tech companies with extraordinary growth. Moreover, RTB House has been ranked as the 32nd fastest developing tech company in “Fast 50” category._NEWLINE_In 2019 the company made it onto the Financial Times 1000: Europe’s Fastest Growing Companies 2019 list for the second time in a row, being ranked 24th in the technology sector.
After introducing deep learning technology into 100% of the crucial elements of its predicting mechanism, RTB House opened new unit – AI Marketing LAB in May 2018 and Creatives Lab in February 2019. Separate from the main R&D department, the new divisions cooperatively work closely together as the AI Marketing Lab division is responsible for the development of new MarTech solution ideas, while the Creatives Lab division is focused more on turning those ideas into a reality through the use of creatives.
Race conditions arise in software when an application depends on the sequence or timing of processes or threads for it to operate properly. As with electronics, there are critical race conditions that result in invalid execution and bugs. Critical race conditions often happen when the processes or threads depend on some shared state. Operations upon shared states are critical sections that must be mutually exclusive. Failure to obey this rule opens up the possibility of corrupting the shared state._NEWLINE_A concept called a "data race" is a type of race condition. Data races are important parts of various formal memory models. Notably, the memory model defined in the C11 and C++11 standards specify that a C or C++ program containing a data race has undefined behavior._NEWLINE_Race conditions have a reputation of being difficult to reproduce and debug, since the end result is nondeterministic and depends on the relative timing between interfering threads. Problems occurring in production systems can therefore disappear when running in debug mode, when additional logging is added, or when attaching a debugger, often referred to as a "Heisenbug". It is therefore better to avoid race conditions by careful software design rather than attempting to fix them afterwards.
An important facet of data races is that in some contexts, a program that is free of data races is guaranteed to execute in a sequentially consistent manner, greatly easing reasoning about the concurrent behavior of the program. Formal memory models that provide such a guarantee are said to exhibit an "SC for DRF" (Sequential Consistency for Data Race Freedom) property. This approach has been said to have achieved recent consensus (presumably compared to approaches which guarantee sequential consistency in all cases, or approaches which do not guarantee it at all)._NEWLINE_For example, in Java, this guarantee is directly specified:_NEWLINE_A program is correctly synchronized if and only if all sequentially consistent executions are free of data races._NEWLINE_If a program is correctly synchronized, then all executions of the program will appear to be sequentially consistent (§17.4.3). _NEWLINE_This is an extremely strong guarantee for programmers. Programmers do not need to reason about reorderings to determine that their code contains data races. Therefore they do not need to reason about reorderings when determining whether their code is correctly synchronized. Once the determination that the code is correctly synchronized is made, the programmer does not need to worry that reorderings will affect his or her code._NEWLINE_A program must be correctly synchronized to avoid the kinds of counterintuitive behaviors that can be observed when code is reordered. The use of correct synchronization does not ensure that the overall behavior of a program is correct. However, its use does allow a programmer to reason about the possible behaviors of a program in a simple way; the behavior of a correctly synchronized program is much less dependent on possible reorderings. Without correct synchronization, very strange, confusing and counterintuitive behaviors are possible._NEWLINE_By contrast, a draft C++ specification does not directly require an SC for DRF property, but merely observes that there exists a theorem providing it:_NEWLINE_[Note:It can be shown that programs that correctly use mutexes and memory_order_seq_cst operations to prevent all data races and use no other synchronization operations behave as if the operations executed by their constituent threads were simply interleaved, with each value computation of an object being taken from the last side effect on that object in that interleaving. This is normally referred to as “sequential consistency”. However, this applies only to data-race-free programs, and data-race-free programs cannot observe most program transformations that do not change single-threaded program semantics. In fact, most single-threaded program transformations continue to be allowed, since any program that behaves differently as a result must perform an undefined operation.— end note_NEWLINE_Note that the C++ draft specification admits the possibility of programs that are valid but use synchronization operations with a memory_order other than memory_order_seq_cst, in which case the result may be a program which is correct but for which no guarantee of sequentially consistency is provided. In other words, in C++, some correct programs are not sequentially consistent. This approach is thought to give C++ programmers the freedom to choose faster program execution at the cost of giving up ease of reasoning about their program._NEWLINE_There are various theorems, often provided in the form of memory models, that provide SC for DRF guarantees given various contexts. The premises of these theorems typically place constraints upon both the memory model (and therefore upon the implementation), and also upon the programmer; that is to say, typically it is the case that there are programs which do not meet the premises of the theorem and which could not be guaranteed to execute in a sequentially consistent manner._NEWLINE_The DRF1 memory model provides SC for DRF and allows the optimizations of the WO (weak ordering), RCsc (Release Consistency with sequentially consistent special operations), VAX memory model, and data-race-free-0 memory models. The PLpc memory model provides SC for DRF and allows the optimizations of the TSO (Total Store Order), PSO, PC (Processor Consistency), and RCpc (Release Consistency with processor consistency special operations) models. DRFrlx provides a sketch of an SC for DRF theorem in the presence of relaxed atomics.
Rational Service Tester for SOA Quality tests are not represented as code.  Rational Service Tester for SOA Quality tests are represented as a tree view, where each branch of the tree represents a client service operation call and response. To edit the test, the user selects menu options which allow for insertion of loops, "if-then" type decision structures, and response verification._NEWLINE_Rational Service Tester for SOA Quality offers many options for validating web service responses, from static baselines to the use of regular expression patterns for validating dynamic data. These methods automatically parse Web service responses to ensure proper SOA functionality._NEWLINE_Should a custom coding solution be required, users can insert Java code modules to perform complex computations._NEWLINE_Rational Service Tester for SOA Quality performs automatic test editing for data pooling and data correlation.  With datapooling, Rational Service Tester for SOA Quality automatically edits tests to separate test data from the test actions.  Test data, such as a user login id and password values that were typed in by the user during the test, are stored in a spreadsheet like datapool.  This enables to reuse the same test scenario with several sets of data values, to perform data-driven testing ._NEWLINE_Data correlation is the process by which Rational Service Tester for SOA Quality ensures continuity between test actions.  Often in a test a value is created at one step of a test and subsequently used during a later step.  Whenever such a value is created, Rational Service Tester for SOA Quality stores that value in a variable, and uses that variable later on the test when the data is accessed.  This prevents hard coding of values, and ensures that tests will play back correctly in dynamic data environments.
A recurring character or supporting character is a fictional character, usually in a prime time TV series, who frequently appears from time to time during the series' run. Recurring characters often play major roles in more than one episode, sometimes being the main focus. They may be contrasted with "regular" characters, who typically appear in every or almost every episode of a series. Recurring characters appear less frequently than regulars, but more frequently than guest star characters, who may appear in only one or two episodes without being expected to return. _NEWLINE_Recurring characters sometimes start out as guest stars in one episode, who then reappear in future episodes because creators or audiences found the actors or storylines compelling enough to revisit. Sometimes a recurring character eventually becomes part of the main cast of characters; such a character is sometimes called a breakout character. Some notable examples of main characters who were originally recurring characters are: Eli Gold on The Good Wife; Leo Chingkwake on That '70s Show; Angel and Oz on Buffy the Vampire Slayer; Marc St. James on Ugly Betty; Vanessa Abrams on Gossip Girl; Zack Allan on Babylon 5; Steve Urkel on Family Matters; Donna Moss on The West Wing; Michelle Dessler and Chloe O'Brian on 24; Santana Lopez, Brittany S. Pierce & Blaine Anderson on Glee; Felicity Smoak on Arrow, Rebecca Katsopolis & Kimmy Gibbler on Full House; Gibby Gibson on iCarly, Lee Harris on American Horror Story: Roanoke, Steve Harrington on Stranger Things, and Carol Peletier on The Walking Dead._NEWLINE_In other cases, recurring characters have been given spin-off series of their own, such as Dr. Frasier Crane who originally was a recurring character on Cheers. Kelsey Grammer, along with fellow recurring actor John Ratzenberger were hired for seven episodes, to play Frasier Crane and Cliff Clavin respectively. Cliff was scheduled to recur during the 1982-1983 season, Frasier to recur during 1984-1985 season.  Both actors were subsequently upgraded to the main cast, and Crane continued in his own series following the end of Cheers. _NEWLINE_On sketch comedy programs, recurring characters are generally a staple. For example, in the sketch comedy series Your Show of Shows, Sid Caesar used the concept frequently:_NEWLINE_As we were building and evolving our sketch comedy, we would look for new types of sketches that had legs (not caterpillar legs). We liked the idea of recurring characters and themes. It gave us something we could start with and something the audience could connect with._NEWLINE_— Sid Caesar, Caesar's Hours: My Life in Comedy, with Love and Laughter_NEWLINE_Usually they appear in their own sketch and the sketch itself can become a regular part of the show. Some notable examples include the Church Lady and Hans and Franz from Saturday Night Live, the Gumbys from Monty Python's Flying Circus, and Bob and Doug McKenzie from SCTV. However, the characters are not always limited to their own sketches. Sometimes, characters from a recurring sketch go on to appear in other sketches, or develop into their own TV shows. For example, when The Carol Burnett Show was canceled the central character of a popular recurring sketch called The Family, Thelma "Mama" Harper, went on to have her own show Mama's Family. Also, recurring characters in sketch comedy shows can go on to have their own movies. This is especially true with Saturday Night Live which has had many recurring characters turn into movies such as Stuart Smalley, Wayne and Garth of Wayne's World, The Blues Brothers, and The Ladies Man. Recurring characters may even revisit shows long after the actor who played them has left the cast, for example, the character Mary Katherine Gallagher was portrayed by Molly Shannon when she hosted Saturday Night Live in 2007, six years after she left the cast. Sometimes a recurring character from one show appears on another show, such as when Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis hosted Saturday Night Live in 1983 and portrayed Bob and Doug MacKenzie, or when Emily Litella (portrayed by Gilda Radner) from Saturday Night Live appeared on The Muppet Show in 1978. Sacha Baron Cohen's character Ali G is another example, originating on the Channel Four series The Eleven O'Clock Show. The character was such a huge success that Cohen got his own show as the original show was cancelled._NEWLINE_Recurring characters are not limited to television. In the early 20th century, the Saturday Evening Post frequently had recurring characters in their cover art, such as Baby New Year. The Shmoo was a recurring character in the comic strip Li'l Abner, which eventually went on to appear in the TV cartoon series Fred and Barney Meet the Shmoo and The New Shmoo. The Sherlock Holmes series of novels by Arthur Conan Doyle featured well-known recurring characters such as Inspector Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson._NEWLINE_In US daytime soap operas, recurring characters are ones played by actors who do not have a contract. They are not obligated to play the role and have no guarantee of work. Actors on recurring status used to be referred to as day players.
The Philips CD-i and the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer are region-free. Japanese 3DO units, however, have a kanji font in ROM, which is required by a few games. When such games can't find the font, they can get locked or rendered unplayable._NEWLINE_The Neo Geo Pocket line is also region-free._NEWLINE_Amongst PC games, regional lockout is more difficult to enforce because both the game application and the operating system can be easily modified. Subscription-based online games often enforce a regional lock by blocking IP addresses (which can often be circumvented through an open proxy) or by requiring the user to enter a national ID number (which may be impossible to verify). A number of other games using regional lockout are rare but do exist. One of the examples of this is the Windows version of The Orange Box, which uses Steam to enforce the regional lockout. Steam also enforces a form of regional lockout in adherence to German law by offering to German users special versions of some games with banned content – most notably Swastikas – replaced. Steam is also used to restrict the release of the PC port of Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance to US and Europe only due to Sony having an exclusivity deal with Konami in Asia, and to restrict the Asian release of the Final Fantasy XIII trilogy to Japanese-only versions of the games. Besides the law and licensing issues, there is also a financial reason for Steam to region lock their games, since in Russia and other CIS countries prices of games on Steam are much lower than in the EU or North America.
The lowland rice plants in Japan (japonica-type) are easily afflicted by rice stripe virus: however, upland japonica-type, indica-type, and Javanese varieties are resistant genetically. Hybrid varieties Chugoku 31 and St No1 were bred in Japan by crossing japonica-type cv. Norin No 8 with indica-type Modan. The offspring of this cross was then crossed with cv. Norin 8. Chugoku 31 and St No1 have been used to breed different varieties of rice stripe virus resistant rice plants in Japan._NEWLINE_Since the 1950s, Japanese rice farmers have adopted the practice of planting rice early in the season. This allows the plants to grow past the tillering stage by the time planthoppers immigrate from wheat and barley plants.
Greenblatt enrolled in MIT in the fall of 1962, and around his second term as an undergraduate student, he found his way to MIT's famous Tech Model Railroad Club.  At that time, Peter Samson had written a program in Fortran for the IBM 709 series machines, to automate the tedious business of writing the intricate timetables for the Railroad Club's vast model train layout.  Greenblatt felt compelled to implement a Fortran compiler for the PDP-1, which then lacked one.  There was no computer time available to debug the compiler, or even to type it into the computer.  Years later, elements of this compiler (combined with some ideas from fellow TMRC member Steven Piner, the author of a very early PDP-4 Fortran compiler while working for Digital Equipment Corporation) were typed in and "showed signs of life".  However, the perceived need for a Fortran compiler had evaporated by then, so the compiler was not pursued further.  This and other experiences at TMRC, especially the influence of Alan Kotok, who worked at DEC and was the junior partner of the design team for the PDP-6 computer, led Greenblatt to  the AI Lab, where he proceeded to become a "hacker's hacker" noted for his programming acumen as described in Steven Levy's Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, and as acknowledged by Gerald Jay Sussman and Harold Abelson when they said they were fortunate to have been apprentice programmers at the feet of Bill Gosper and Richard Greenblatt._NEWLINE_Indeed, he spent so much time programming the Programmed Data Processor (PDP) machines there that he failed out of MIT as a first-term junior and had to take a job at a firm, Charles Adams Associates, until the AI Lab hired him about 6 months later.
He was the main implementor of Maclisp on the PDP-6. He wrote Mac Hack, the first computer program to play tournament-level chess and the first to compete in a human chess tournament.  AI skeptic Hubert Dreyfus, who famously made the claim that computers would not be able to play high-quality chess, was beaten by the program, marking the start of "respectable" computer chess performances. In 1977, unbeaten chess champion Bobby Fischer played three games in Cambridge, Massachusetts against Greenblatt's computer program, and Fischer won all of them. Greenblatt, along with Tom Knight and Stewart Nelson, co-wrote the Incompatible Timesharing System (ITS), a highly influential time-sharing operating system for the PDP-6 and PDP-10 used at MIT.
'Robert Shelby Singleton (born March 25, 1933) is an American engineer, inventor, scientist, teacher of magnetics and computing. He invented magnetic core memory that was addressable by content rather than location, which is the precursor to modern content-addressable memory systems. He later contributed to the invention and development of virtual memory for computer systems, Computer Aided Design and Engineering systems, and complex signal processing algorithms and circuits.
The Rolling Stone charts follow a Friday-Thursday tracking week, based on the Eastern Time Zone in the United States and consistent with the industry standard of releasing new music on Fridays since Global Release Day on July 10, 2015. The final weekly charts are published on the Monday following the previous tracking week. (For example, for a tracking week beginning on Friday, January 1 and ending on Thursday, January 7, the final weekly charts would be published on Monday, January 11.)_NEWLINE_A song must be sold for at least $0.49 for that sale to be logged for a given tracking week; units sold for less than the minimum price requirement in the first three months of release will not be considered for weekly charts. A "song unit" is determined by an algorithm that weights a digital song sale as 1 and respectively values 120 subscription-based streams and 360 ad-supported streams as a song-equivalent unit. With regard to album-equivalent units, a song is generally considered to be part of the first album in which it was included, with the exception of the first four weeks in which a song experiences a surge in consumption because of inclusion on a compilation or greatest hits album. For charts were streaming is the only metric for chart positioning, the type of stream is disregarded and weighted equivalent to each other._NEWLINE_An album must be sold for at least $3.75 for that sale to be logged for a given tracking week; units sold for less than the minimum price requirement in the first month of release will not be considered for weekly charts, but would be reflected in its lifetime sales. An "album unit" is determined by an algorithm that weights a digital, CD, and cassette standard-format album sale as 1; a digital and CD deluxe-format album sales as 1.3; a vinyl standard-format album sales as 2; a vinyl deluxe-format album sales as 2.5; and respectively values 10 digital song sales, 1,200 subscription-based streams, and 3,600 ad-supported streams as an album-equivalent unit. An album edition is considered "deluxe" if the bonus content does not exceed the duration of the standard edition, in which case the standard and deluxe editions would chart as a single album. An album edition is considered "super deluxe" if the bonus content exceeds the duration of the standard edition, in which case the super deluxe edition would chart as a separate album from the standard and deluxe versions. Bundled sales (for example, with concert tickets or merchandise) are considered valid so long as the product listing specifically states that the album is included with the purchase; sales are logged upon redemption of a digital download code or fulfillment of a physical order.
After studying for his Ph.D. in 1954 with Hebb at McGill University in Montreal, he began to work with patients who suffered from "phantom limb" pain — people who feel pain in an arm or leg that has been removed. He found that pain often has little survival value, and some pains are entirely out of proportion to the degree of tissue damage, sometimes continuing long after injured tissues have healed. While still a postdoctoral student, Melzack began collecting "pain words" and putting them into classes that belonged together, like "hot," "burning," "scalding," and "searing"._NEWLINE_In 1975, this pursuit led to the development of the McGill Pain Questionnaire, now used in pain clinics and cancer hospices around the world. Melzack spent time at the University College of London, and the University of Pisa in Italy. He eventually became a faculty member at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) where he met Dr. Patrick Wall. The two shared similar thoughts and ideas surrounding the phenomenon of pain. Melzack and Wall noticed that some individuals felt immense pain when damage to the body was minimal, and some people with traumatic injuries experienced little or no pain until a later time._NEWLINE_In 1965 at MIT, Melzack and Wall developed the gate control theory of pain which states that pain is "gated" or modulated by past experience. Gate control theory led to the valuable discovery of endorphins and enkephalins, the body's natural opiates. He is also noted for work on stress-induced analgesia, phantom-limb pain and the theory of neuromatrix. He proposes that we are born with a genetically determined neural network that generates the perception of the body, the sense of self, and can also generate chronic pain, even when no limbs are present._NEWLINE_Melzack's recent research at McGill indicates that there are two types of pain, transmitted by two separate sets of pain-signaling pathways in the central nervous system. Sudden, short-term pain, such as the pain of cutting a finger, is transmitted by a group of pathways that Melzack calls the "lateral" system, because they pass through the brain stem on one side of its central core. Prolonged pain, on the other hand, such as chronic back pain, is transmitted by the "medial" system, whose neurons pass through the central core of the brain stem._NEWLINE_In 1974, Melzack co-founded the first pain clinic in Canada at the Montreal General Hospital with Dr. Joseph Stratford (then Chief of Neurosurgery at the hospital and who was the medical director of the pain clinic). Melzack served as Research Director from 1974 to 2000.  The clinic became part of the McGill University Health Centre which has grown to be one of the best organized centres for pain treatment in the world. Melzack also supervised graduate students at McGill, one of whom —John O'Keefe— would later go on to receive the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2014.
S transform as a time–frequency distribution was developed in 1994 for analyzing geophysics data. In this way, the S transform is a generalization of the short-time Fourier transform (STFT), extending the continuous wavelet transform and overcoming some of its disadvantages. For one, modulation sinusoids are fixed with respect to the time axis; this localizes the scalable Gaussian window dilations and translations in S transform. Moreover, the S transform doesn't have a cross-term problem and yields a better signal clarity than Gabor transform. However, the S transform has its own disadvantages: the clarity is worse than Wigner distribution function and Cohen's class distribution function._NEWLINE_A fast S Transform algorithm was invented in 2010. It reduces the computational complexity from O[N²·log(N)] to O[N·log(N)] and makes the transform one-to-one, where the transform has the same number of points as the source signal or image, compared to storage complexity of N² for the original formulation. An implementation is available to the research community under an open source license._NEWLINE_A general formulation of the S transform makes clear the relationship to other time frequency transforms such as the Fourier, short time Fourier, and wavelet transforms.
Computer science is taught as a compulsory subject until ninth standard, where students can choose to continue with the subject or choose a different stream of subjects. The school is equipped with a lab for computer literacy and programming courses. The computer and basic science courses offered at the school include GW-BASIC, Java (using the BlueJ IDE), and Logo. C++ is used as an optional course for the Plus Two students wishing to study computer science in college. The standard chemistry, physics, and biology courses are also offered as part of the science curriculum._NEWLINE_The arts and sciences offerings at the school include mathematics (covering geometry, algebra, and calculus), English, Hindi, Sanskrit; geography; environmental science; home economics, political science; commerce; economics, and history._NEWLINE_Moral science is taught in all classes, aimed at teaching the pupils about their duty to God, to fellow men, and to self._NEWLINE_As students move from 9th standard to 12th standard, they are allowed more freedom in choosing their own classes.  They typically opt for a science or commerce-related curriculum to facilitate their entrance into college._NEWLINE_Many students struggle with the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (I.C.S.E.) exams, so the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) was introduced. This is a program that allows weaker students to prepare for their examination and, thus, increases their chances of success. Boys and girls of Jagadhri and other districts have registered for the examination through this school.
School contests include the nationwide quiz-style competitions; the QUANTA, a contest for science, mathematics, astronomy and computer science; the Fountainhead Essay Contest; the Cadbury Bournvita Quiz Contest; and essay and short story competitions for the Telegraph, the local newspaper, offered throughout the year. In 2005, Sacred Heart won Neuron, an inter-school quiz in biology.
Select-TV launched EMAGINE for the home market in July 2011. Select-TV's EMAGINE over-the-top media centre's idea is to bring a better experience to consumers. Transforming the TV screen into a platform for content delivery and interactive services, EMAGINE allows operators to create new businesses or leverage on existing market base to increase revenue per user (ARPU). Unlike AppleTV, EMAGINE is designed and built to support internet standards such as JAVA and Adobe Flash to ensure users abilities to adapt the solution to their business needs faster than any other common set top boxes in the market. EMAGINE is able to support formats such as MPEG2, MPEG4, H.264, AVI, MKV, etc. in high definition 1080P. For music, it is able to support formats such as MP3, WAV and OGG._NEWLINE_The concept for EMAGINE by Select-TV is that it is VAS enabled to allow Value added services such as eCommerce. Hence, to telcos it is not just a media player but allowing interactivity between the service provider and consumers._NEWLINE_Units for its first version comes with HDMI input / output, 3 USB port, 1 slot for SD card reader, 1 GB DDR3 memory. Consumers can opt for built in Hard Disc Drive if they purchase online. On January 31, 2012, the UF Group announced that in partnering with Select-TV, they are deploying 90,000 of the EMAGINE boxes to homes around the world with India being the initial target market.
In mathematics and theoretical computer science, a set constraint is an equation or an inequation between sets of terms._NEWLINE_Similar to systems of (in)equations between numbers, methods are studied for solving systems of set constraints. _NEWLINE_Different approaches admit different operators (like "∪", "∩", "\", and function application) on sets and different (in)equation relations (like "=", "⊆", and "⊈") between set expressions._NEWLINE_Systems of set constraints are useful to describe (in particular infinite) sets of ground terms._NEWLINE_They arise in program analysis, abstract interpretation, and type inference.
With workers elected and hired only for specific shifts, the scheduling of such workers is a by-product of the hiring process and there is no need for the extra process of matching each workers’ schedules into the business operation needs._NEWLINE_A platform that allows monitoring of each shift's staffing level by the manager is usually required. In contrast to automated scheduling software that rely on algorithms to optimise service hours and minimise manpower costs, a shift-based hiring approach delegates the role of filling the duty roster to ensure the appropriate staffing levels back to the managers and the team of workers. Rather than relying on an algorithm to assign shifts which has been shown to place a high human-factors cost on the team worker, shift-based hiring leverages on its cloud-based nature and crowd-sourcing ideas to ensure that the staffing level needs are transparently communicated to managers and the team in real-time and managers get to assign or have workers bid for their shifts in a dynamic way to meet the staffing needs.
Tayur's work covers various Operations Management fields, including Supply Chain Management, Lean Manufacturing, and Healthcare. His papers have been published in Operations Research, Management Science, Manufacturing & Service Operations Management, Mathematics of Operations Research, Mathematical Programming, Queueing Systems, IIE Transactions, and Production and Operations Management, among others. Notable collaborators include INFORMS Fellows such as Robin Roundy (his Ph.D. thesis advisor), Jack Muckstadt, Paul Glasserman, and Dimitris Bertsimas; faculty colleagues Alan Scheller-Wolf, R. Ravi (INFORMS Fellow), and Ravi Kannan; and Ph.D. students Roman Kapuscinski, Pinar Keskinocak (INFORMS Fellow), and Jay Swaminathan (INFORMS Fellow)._NEWLINE_Novel Algorithmic Methods. Tayur is recognized for his Operations Research work in developing novel algorithms for models in stochastic inventory theory (using Infinitesimal Perturbation Analysis), integer programming (using Hilbert's Nullstellensatz, Algebraic Geometry, and Gröbner Basis Theory), and chance constrained programs (using random walks and rapidly mixing Markov-chain theory)._NEWLINE_Manufacturing and Supply Chain Management. Tayur has developed models for kanban controlled serial lines, for lead time quotation, and for scheduling of capacitated multi-product systems using methods from queueing theory, stochastic models (including chance constrained programs) competitive analysis of on-line algorithms, algebraic geometry and mixed-integer linear programming. Tayur's "Value of Information in Capacitated Supply Chains," published in Management Science in 1999, is among the top 20 most cited papers on supply chain management from 1995-2006" and the top 30 most cited Management Science papers.  His work on "vanilla box"  and “models for supply chains in e-business” is among the most popular references on supply chain management. He has also studied supply chain management of NGOs such as food banks._NEWLINE_His current research explores how to effectively combat the dark side of global supply chains, such as child labor, including understanding the potential impacts of a proposed national version of California's Supply Chain Transparency Act. He proposes several effective countermeasures to strategic counterfeiters, including those who are able to infiltrate licit supply chains. In an interview, Tayur predicted on-line retailing will become “trust-based competition._NEWLINE_Healthcare Operations and Policy. At Allegheny General Hospital, Tayur has conducted clinical trials that have established the clinical benefits of genotype guided therapeutic dosing of warfarin therapy. Tayur's work with Dr. Bennet Omalu, whose discovery of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) was featured in the movie Concussion, applies OM methods to improve Medical Examiner Offices. In the area of long-term care, Tayur has examined ways to improve the consistency of staffing and proposed an "on-call pool" approach._NEWLINE_With transplant surgeons at Massachusetts General Hospital, Tayur has analyzed liver allocation rules to better balance equity and efficiency between HCC patients and non-HCC patients and developed REACH (Risk for Exceeding Allocation Criteria for HCC)._NEWLINE_To address the fundamental problem of scarcity of supply of organs, Tayur collaborates with the New Jersey Sharing Network, part of the United Network for Organ Sharing, investigating behavioral economic approaches that will increase the consent rate of the legal next-of-kin of deceased individuals. This work attracted the attention of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and was featured in the 24th Association for Multicultural Affairs in Transplantation Annual Meeting in 2016. Tayur also supports finding other innovative methods to increase organ donation and supports the need for clarification to be able to conduct further research. Tayur has also engaged other researchers, transplant surgeons, and policy bodies, as well as students, by serving on the organizing committee of the 2016 Johns Hopkins Symposium on Healthcare Operations, with a theme of  "When Organ Transplantation meets Operations Research," and by speaking on "Effective and Innovative Solutions to Increase Organ Donation" at the Harvard Effective Altruist Chapter._NEWLINE_Tayur has also studied personalized treatment for opioid use disorder, specifically, the efficacy of using wearables to prevent relapse._NEWLINE_In addition to his applied work, Tayur has adopted a strategic queueing approach to investigate (1) physicians' diagnostic test-ordering behavior in outpatient settings and (2) the effect of multi-listing—powered by affordable jet services (OrganJet)—on U.S. organ transplantation candidates' life expectancy and organ wastage._NEWLINE_New Business Models. Tayur's research has analyzed new business models such as scheduling of fractional jets, online rental models, online to offline (O2O) platforms, dynamic scheduling of advertisements in video games, and an entrepreneurial approach to the widespread adoption of multiple listing for organ transplantation.
Through SmartOps, Tayur has also explored massively parallel versions of enterprise inventory optimization (EIO) algorithms on IBM's Blue Gene. In 2005, as Blue Gene's first supply chain application, the IBM-SmartOps pilot solved industrial scale problems with more than a million variables in 0.04 seconds on a "half rack" system with 512 processors.
The problem is generally handled with statistical analysis.  A set of unmodified files of the same type, and ideally from the same source (for example, the same model of digital camera, or if possible, the same digital camera; digital audio from a CD MP3 files have been "ripped" from; etc.) as the set being inspected, are analyzed for various statistics.  Some of these are as simple as spectrum analysis, but since most image and audio files these days are compressed with lossy compression algorithms, such as JPEG and MP3, they also attempt to look for inconsistencies in the way this data has been compressed.  For example, a common artifact in JPEG compression is "edge ringing", where high-frequency components (such as the high-contrast edges of black text on a white background) distort neighboring pixels.  This distortion is predictable, and simple steganographic encoding algorithms will produce artifacts that are detectably unlikely._NEWLINE_One case where detection of suspect files is straightforward is when the original, unmodified carrier is available for comparison.  Comparing the package against the original file will yield the differences caused by encoding the payload—and, thus, the payload can be extracted.
In some cases, such as when only a single image is available, more complicated analysis techniques may be required.  In general, steganography attempts to make distortion to the carrier indistinguishable from the carrier's noise floor.  In practice, however, this is often improperly simplified to deciding to make the modifications to the carrier resemble white noise as closely as possible, rather than analyzing, modeling, and then consistently emulating the actual noise characteristics of the carrier.  In particular, many simple steganographic systems simply modify the least-significant bit (LSB) of a sample; this causes the modified samples to have not only different noise profiles than unmodified samples, but also for their LSBs to have different noise profiles than could be expected from analysis of their higher-order bits, which will still show some amount of noise.  Such LSB-only modification can be detected with appropriate algorithms, in some cases detecting encoding densities as low as 1% with reasonable reliability.
If inspection of a storage device is considered very likely, the steganographer may attempt to barrage a potential analyst with, effectively, misinformation. This may be a large set of files encoded with anything from random data, to white noise, to meaningless drivel, to deliberately misleading information. The encoding density on these files may be slightly higher than the "real" ones; likewise, the possible use of multiple algorithms of varying detectability should be considered. The steganalyst may be forced into checking these decoys first, potentially wasting significant time and computing resources. The downside to this technique is it makes it much more obvious that steganographic software was available, and was used.
Super PI is single threaded, so its relevance as a measure of performance in the current era of multi-core processors is diminishing quickly. Therefore, wPrime has been developed to support multiple threaded calculations to be run at the same time so one can test stability on multi-core machines. Other multithreaded programs include: Hyper PI, IntelBurnTest, Prime95, Montecarlo superPI, OCCT or y-cruncher. Last but not least, while SuperPi is unable to calculate more than 32 million digits, and Alexander J. Yee & Shigeru Kondo were able to set a record of 10 Trillion 50 Digits of Pi using y-cruncher under a 2 x Intel Xeon X5680 @ 3.33 GHz - (12 physical cores, 24 hyperthreaded) computer on October 16, 2011 Super PI is much slower than these other programs, and utilizes inferior algorithms to them.
Following "a change in focus for some of [the] funding board members", the Symbian Foundation announced in November 2010 that it would transition to "a legal entity responsible for licensing software and other intellectual property", with no operational responsibilities or staff. The transition is a result of changes in global economic and market conditions (widely attributed to the stiff competition with other OS such as iOS and Android). Along with this announcement, Nokia announced it would take over governance of the Symbian platform. Nokia has been the major contributor to the code, and has been maintaining their own code repository for the platform development ever since the purchase of Symbian Ltd., regularly releasing their development to the public repository. On 17 December 2010 all Symbian Foundation public web sites, wiki and code repositories were shut down and Nokia launched a new Symbian site._NEWLINE_However that year both Samsung and Sony Ericsson left the Foundation in favor of Google's Open Handset Alliance and the Android operating system, leaving Japan's NTT Docomo as the only major Nokia partner. Then with the announcement of Nokia's partnership with Microsoft in February 2011 and the transition to Windows Phone OS as the primary platform, the development of Symbian stopped and was outsourced to Accenture. Nokia closed this service at end of 2012._NEWLINE_After the transition completed in April 2011, the Symbian Foundation will remain as the trademark holder and licensing entity, and will only have non-executive directors involved.
The tensor processing unit was announced in May 2016 at Google I/O, when the company said that the TPU had already been used inside their data centers for over a year. The chip has been specifically designed for Google's TensorFlow framework, a symbolic math library which is used for machine learning applications such as neural networks. However, Google still uses CPUs and GPUs for other types of machine learning. Other AI accelerator designs are appearing from other vendors also and are aimed at embedded and robotics markets._NEWLINE_Google's TPUs are proprietary. Some models are commercially available, and on February 12, 2018, The New York Times reported that Google "would allow other companies to buy access to those chips through its cloud-computing service."  Google has stated that they were used in the AlphaGo versus Lee Sedol series of man-machine Go games, as well as in the AlphaZero system which produced Chess, Shogi and Go playing programs from the game rules alone and went on to beat the leading programs in those games. Google has also used TPUs for Google Street View text processing, and was able to find all the text in the Street View database in less than five days. In Google Photos, an individual TPU can process over 100 million photos a day. It is also used in RankBrain which Google uses to provide search results._NEWLINE_Compared to a graphics processing unit, it is designed for a high volume of low precision computation (e.g. as little as 8-bit precision) with more input/output operations per joule, and lacks hardware for rasterisation/texture mapping. The TPU ASICs are mounted in a heatsink assembly, which can fit in a hard drive slot within a data center rack, according to Google Distinguished Hardware Engineer Norman Jouppi.
The second-generation TPU was announced in May 2017. Google stated the first-generation TPU design was limited by memory bandwidth and using 16 GB of High Bandwidth Memory in the second-generation design increased bandwidth to 600 GB/s and performance to 45 teraFLOPS. The TPUs are then arranged into four-chip modules with a performance of 180 teraFLOPS. Then 64 of these modules are assembled into 256-chip pods with 11.5 petaFLOPS of performance. Notably, while the first-generation TPUs were limited to integers, the second-generation TPUs can also calculate in floating point. This makes the second-generation TPUs useful for both training and inference of machine learning models. Google has stated these second-generation TPUs will be available on the Google Compute Engine for use in TensorFlow applications.
In July 2018, Google announced the Edge TPU. The Edge TPU is Google’s purpose-built ASIC chip designed to run machine learning (ML) models for edge computing, meaning it is much smaller and consumes far less power compared to the TPUs hosted in Google datacenters (also known as Cloud TPUs). In January 2019, Google made the Edge TPU available to developers with a line of products under the Coral brand._NEWLINE_The product offerings include a single board computer (SBC), a system on module (SoM), a USB accessory, a mini PCI-e card, and an M.2 card. The SBC Coral Dev Board and Coral SoM both run Mendel Linux OS – a derivative of Debian. The USB, PCI-e, and M.2 products function as add-ons to existing computer systems, and support Debian-based Linux systems on x86-64 and ARM64 hosts (including Raspberry Pi)._NEWLINE_The machine learning runtime used to execute models on the Edge TPU is based on TensorFlow Lite. The Edge TPU is only capable of accelerating forward-pass operations, which means it's primarily useful for performing inferences (although it is possible to perform lightweight transfer learning on the Edge TPU). The Edge TPU also only supports 8-bit math, meaning that for a network to be compatible with the Edge TPU, it needs to be trained using TensorFlow quantization-aware training technique.
Bachem grew up in Cologne and taught himself computer programming at the age of 12 years. As a teenager, he ran an online portal for software development and developed websites for corporate customers._NEWLINE_Parallel to his studies at Cologne Business School, he developed the video-sharing website sevenload in 2005, which acquired more than €25 million in venture capital while he was still a student and was sold to Hubert Burda Media in 2010. Immediately thereafter he founded United Prototype, which developed the social game Fliplife and was acquired in 2012 by German-Turkish gaming company Kaisergames. In his spare time, Bachem developed Lebenslauf.com (engl. Resume.com), an online CV editor which he sold to publicly traded XING AG in 2014._NEWLINE_In 2016, Bachem founded the CODE University of Applied Sciences in Berlin in an effort to improve the education of software developers since existing computer science courses appeared outdated and too theoretical to him. The accredited private university was granted state recognition by the state of Berlin in July 2017 and commenced its English-language studies in October 2017. Bachem is the youngest university chancellor in Germany._NEWLINE_In addition to its own entrepreneurial activities Bachem supports young startup companies as an angel investor.
Time Machine creates a folder on the designated Time Machine volume (local or inside a remote sparse image) into which it copies the directory tree of all locally attached disk drives, except for files and directories that the user has specified to omit, including the Time Machine volume itself. Every hour thereafter, it creates a new subordinate folder and copies only files that have changed since the last backup and creates hard links to files that already exist on the backup drive. A user can browse the directory hierarchy of these copies as if browsing the primary disk._NEWLINE_Some other backup utilities save deltas for file changes, much like version control systems. Such an approach permits more frequent backups of minor changes, but can often complicate the interaction with the backup volume. By contrast, it is possible to manually browse a Time Machine backup volume without using the Time Machine interface; the use of hard links presents each backup to the user as a complete disk copy._NEWLINE_Time Machine creates multiple hard links to unmodified directories. Multiple linking of directories—which doesn't work with APFS-formatted storage disks—is different from conventional UNIX operating systems. As a result, tools like rsync cannot be used to replicate a Time Machine volume; replication can only reliably be done by imaging the entire filesystem._NEWLINE_Apple system events record when each directory is modified on the hard drive. This means that instead of examining every file's modification date when it is activated, Time Machine only needs to scan the directories that changed for files to copy (the remainder being hard-linked). This differs from the approach taken by similar backup utilities rsync and FlyBack, which examine modification dates of all files during backup._NEWLINE_Time Machine is also available in the Leopard, Snow Leopard, and Lion installation process. One of the features in the Migration Assistant interface is to re-install the contents of a Time Machine backup. In other words, a hard drive can be restored from a Time Machine backup in the event of a catastrophic crash._NEWLINE_OS X Mountain Lion introduced the ability to use multiple volumes simultaneously for Time Machine operations. When the user specifies more than one volume to use, macOS rotates among the desired volumes each time it does a backup. _NEWLINE_Coding differences between OS X Mountain Lion and Mavericks have resulted in compatibility issues related to Time Machine's system restoration functionality.  Time Machine backups created by Apple computers purchased as recently as late 2012 cannot be used for system restoration on 2013 or 2014 models. However, the data from the backup can still be recovered by directly accessing the files from the Time Machine Volume.
Dennis Allison, a member of the Computer Science faculty at Stanford University, wrote a specification for a simple version of the BASIC programming language. He was urged to create the standard by Bob Albrecht of the Homebrew Computer Club, who had seen BASIC on minicomputers and felt it would be the perfect match for new machines like the MITS Altair 8800, which had been released in January 1975._NEWLINE_Allison's proposed design only used integer arithmetic and did not support arrays. The goal was for the program to fit in 2 to 3 kilobytes of memory. The first version was published by the People's Computer Company in a separate newsletter format known as the "Tiny BASIC Journal", or in its full name, "Dr. Dobb's Tiny BASIC Journal: Calisthenics & Orthodontia, Running Light Without Overbyte". The first issue was released in January 1976, at which point other programmers began modifying the code and sending the results back to be published in future issues, or sending it to other magazines like Interface Age. As the scope of the original newsletter expanded, it eventually became known  simply as Dr. Dobb's Journal._NEWLINE_Dick Whipple and John Arnold wrote an interpreter that required only 3K of RAM. By the middle of 1976, Tiny BASIC interpreters were available for the Intel 8080, the Motorola 6800 and MOS Technology 6502 processors. This was a forerunner of the free software community's collaborative development before the internet allowed easy transfer of files, and was an example of a free software project before the free software movement. Computer hobbyists would exchange paper tapes, cassettes or even retype the files from the printed listings._NEWLINE_Jim Warren, editor of Dr. Dobb's, wrote in the July 1976 ACM Programming Language newsletter about the motivations and methods of this successful project. He started with this: "There is a viable alternative to the problems raised by Bill Gates in his irate letter to computer hobbyists concerning 'ripping off' software. When software is free, or so inexpensive that it's easier to pay for it than to duplicate it, then it won't be 'stolen'." The Bill Gates letter was written to make software into products. The alternative method was to have an experienced professional do the overall design and then outline an implementation strategy. Knowledgeable amateurs would implement the design for a variety of computer systems. Warren predicted this strategy would be continued and expanded._NEWLINE_The May 1976 issue of Dr. Dobbs had Li-Chen Wang's Palo Alto Tiny BASIC for the Intel 8080 microprocessor. The listing began with the usual title, author's name and date but it also had "@COPYLEFT ALL WRONGS RESERVED". A fellow Homebrew Computer Club member, Roger Rauskolb, modified and improved Li-Chen Wang's program and this was published in the December 1976 issue of Interface Age magazine. Roger added his name and preserved the COPYLEFT Notice. Other versions of Tiny BASIC existed, such as the one written by Thomas F. Waitman in 1976 for the Hewlett-Packard HP-2640 and HP-2645 terminals (which used the Intel 8008 and 8080 processors where the 8080 ran the Tiny BASIC interpreter). Thomas F. Waitman wrote articles for the Hewlett-Packard Journal.
The piebald spotting gene (partial leucism) appears in other different species (like the horse and the ball python). It also shows up in the common house cat, and other breeds of cat, since the van pattern is merely an extreme expression of the gene._NEWLINE_A Turkish Van may have blue eyes, amber eyes, or be odd-eyed (having one eye of each colour, a condition known as heterochromia iridis). The variability of eye colour is genetically caused by the white spotting factor, which is a characteristic of this breed. The white spotting factor is the variable expression of the piebald gene that varies from the minimal degree (1), as in the blue-eyed cats with white tip on the tail to the maximal degree (8–9) that results in a Van-patterned cat, as in Van cats, when coloured marks occupy at most 20% of the white background, but the white background in the breed covers about 80% of the body. Breeding two cats together with the same level of white spotting will produce cats with a similar degree of spotting._NEWLINE_Van-patterned Turkish Vans are not prone to deafness, because their phenotype is associated with the van pattern (Sᵛ) semi-dominant gene. Solid-white Turkish angoras carry the epistatic (masking) white colour (W) dominant gene associated with white fur, blue eyes and often deafness. All white Van cats may share this gene. All three types of cat may exhibit eye colours that are amber, blue or odd. Deafness is principally associated with cats having two blue eyes.
A routing algorithm decides the path followed by a packet from the source to destination routers in a network. An important aspect to be considered while designing a routing algorithm is avoiding a deadlock. Turn restriction routing is a routing algorithm for mesh-family of topologies which avoids deadlocks by restricting the types of turns that are allowed in the algorithm while determining the route from source node to destination node in a network.
Logic behind turn restriction routing derives from a key observation. A cyclic acquisition of channels can take place only if all the four possible clockwise (or anti-clockwise) turns have occurred. This means deadlocks can be avoided by prohibiting at least one of the clockwise turns and one of the anti-clockwise turns. All the clockwise and anti-clockwise turns that are possible in a non restricted routing algorithm are shown in fig 2.
A turn restriction routing can be obtained by prohibiting at least one of the four possible clockwise turns and at least one of the four possible anti-clockwise turns in the routing algorithm. This means there are at least 16 (4x4) possible turn restriction routing techniques as you have 4 clockwise turns and 4 anti-clockwise turns to choose from. Some of these techniques have been listed below.
In February 2007, Viacom sent upwards of 100,000 Digital Millennium Copyright Act takedown notices to the video-sharing site YouTube. Of the 100,000 notices, approximately 60–70 non-infringing videos were removed under the auspices of copyright infringement._NEWLINE_On March 13, 2007, Viacom filed a US$1 billion legal claim (Viacom International Inc. v. YouTube, Inc.) against Google and YouTube alleging massive copyright infringement, alleging that users frequently uploaded copyrighted material to YouTube—enough to cause a hit in revenue for Viacom and a gain in advertisement revenue for YouTube. The complaint contended that almost 160,000 unauthorized clips of Viacom's programming were made available on YouTube and that these clips had collectively been viewed more than 1.5 billion times._NEWLINE_In July 2008, the case generated controversy when District Judge Louis Stanton ruled that YouTube was required to hand over data detailing the viewing habits of every user who had ever watched videos on the site. Judge Stanton rejected Viacom's request for YouTube to hand over the source code of its search engine system, saying that the code was a trade secret._NEWLINE_Google and Viacom later agreed to allow Google to anonymize all the data before handing it over to Viacom._NEWLINE_On June 23, 2010, Judge Stanton ruled in Google's favor in a motion for summary judgment, holding that Google was protected by provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, notwithstanding evidence of intentional copyright infringement. Viacom announced its intention to appeal the ruling._NEWLINE_On April 5, 2012, the ruling was overturned by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Writing for a two-judge panel (because Judge Roger Miner had died while the trial was pending) of the Second Circuit, Judge José A. Cabranes concluded that "a reasonable jury could find that YouTube had actual knowledge or awareness of specific infringing activity on its website". Eric Goldman, a professor at the Santa Clara University School of Law, expressed concern that the ruling would negatively affect startups, by making them "more hair-trigger on taking down news or content, for fear that failure to do so will be held against them by content providers"._NEWLINE_On April 18, 2013, Judge Stanton issued another order granting summary judgment in favor of YouTube. An appeal was begun, but the week before the parties were to appear in the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, a settlement was announced, and it was reported that no money changed hands._NEWLINE_Viacom and their sister company B_Viacom have since taken to removing videos themselves.
In the late 1990s, initial development of what would become Windows XP was focused on two individual products; "Odyssey", which was reportedly intended to succeed the future Windows 2000, and "Neptune", which was reportedly a consumer-oriented operating system using the Windows NT architecture, succeeding the MS-DOS-based Windows 98._NEWLINE_However, the projects proved to be too ambitious. In January 2000, shortly prior to the official release of Windows 2000, technology writer Paul Thurrott reported that Microsoft had shelved both Neptune and Odyssey in favor of a new product codenamed "Whistler", after Whistler, British Columbia, as many Microsoft employees skied at the Whistler-Blackcomb ski resort. The goal of Whistler was to unify both the consumer and business-oriented Windows lines under a single, Windows NT platform: Thurrott stated that Neptune had become "a black hole when all the features that were cut from [Windows Me] were simply re-tagged as Neptune features. And since Neptune and Odyssey would be based on the same code-base anyway, it made sense to combine them into a single project"._NEWLINE_At PDC on July 13, 2000, Microsoft announced that Whistler would be released during the second half of 2001, and also unveiled the first preview build, 2250. The build notably introduced an early version of Windows XP's visual styles system._NEWLINE_Microsoft released the first beta build of Whistler, build 2296, on October 31, 2000. Subsequent builds gradually introduced features that users of the release version of Windows XP would recognise, such as Internet Explorer 6.0, the Microsoft Product Activation system and the Bliss desktop background._NEWLINE_On February 5, 2001, Microsoft announced that Whistler would be officially known as Windows XP, where XP stands for "eXPerience".
While retaining some similarities to previous versions, Windows XP's interface was overhauled with a new visual appearance, with an increased use of alpha compositing effects, drop shadows, and "visual styles", which completely changed the appearance of the operating system. The number of effects enabled are determined by the operating system based on the computer's processing power, and can be enabled or disabled on a case-by-case basis. XP also added ClearType, a new subpixel rendering system designed to improve the appearance of fonts on liquid-crystal displays. A new set of system icons was also introduced. The default wallpaper, Bliss, is a photo of a landscape in the Napa Valley outside Napa, California, with rolling green hills and a blue sky with stratocumulus and cirrus clouds._NEWLINE_The Start menu received its first major overhaul in XP, switching to a two-column layout with the ability to list, pin, and display frequently used applications, recently opened documents, and the traditional cascading "All Programs" menu. The taskbar can now group windows opened by a single application into one taskbar button, with a popup menu listing the individual windows. The notification area also hides "inactive" icons by default. A "common tasks" list was added, and Windows Explorer's sidebar was updated to use a new task-based design with lists of common actions; the tasks displayed are contextually relevant to the type of content in a folder (e.g. a folder with music displays offers to play all the files in the folder, or burn them to a CD)._NEWLINE_Fast user switching allows additional users to log into a Windows XP machine without existing users having to close their programs and logging out. Although only one user at the time can use the console (i.e. monitor, keyboard and mouse), previous users can resume their session once they regain control of the console.
Windows XP was released in two major editions on launch: Home Edition and Professional Edition. Both editions were made available at retail as pre-loaded software on new computers and as boxed copies. Boxed copies were sold as "Upgrade" or "Full" licenses; the "Upgrade" versions were slightly cheaper, but require an existing version of Windows to install. The "Full" version can be installed on systems without an operating system or existing version of Windows. The two editions of XP were aimed at different markets: Home Edition is explicitly intended for consumer use and disables or removes certain advanced and enterprise-oriented features present on Professional, such as the ability to join a Windows domain, Internet Information Services, and Multilingual User Interface. Windows 98 or Me can be upgraded to either version, but Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 can only be upgraded to Professional. Windows' software license agreement for pre-loaded licenses allows the software to be "returned" to the OEM for a refund if the user does not wish to use it. Despite the refusal of some manufacturers to honor the entitlement, it has been enforced by courts in some countries._NEWLINE_Two specialized variants of XP were introduced in 2002 for certain types of hardware, exclusively through OEM channels as pre-loaded software. Windows XP Media Center Edition was initially designed for high-end home theater PCs with TV tuners (marketed under the term "Media Center PC"), offering expanded multimedia functionality, an electronic program guide, and digital video recorder (DVR) support through the Windows Media Center application. Microsoft also unveiled Windows XP Tablet PC Edition, which contains additional pen input features, and is optimized for mobile devices meeting its Tablet PC specifications. Two different 64-bit editions of XP were made available; the first, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition, was intended for IA-64 (Itanium) systems; as IA-64 usage declined on workstations in favor of AMD's x86-64 architecture (which was supported by the later Windows XP Professional x64 Edition), the Itanium version was discontinued in 2005._NEWLINE_Microsoft also targeted emerging markets with the 2004 introduction of Windows XP Starter Edition, a special variant of Home Edition intended for low-cost PCs. The OS is primarily aimed at first-time computer owners, containing heavy localization (including wallpapers and screen savers incorporating images of local landmarks), and a "My Support" area which contains video tutorials on basic computing tasks. It also removes certain "complex" features, and does not allow users to run more than three applications at a time. After a pilot program in India and Thailand, Starter was released in other emerging markets throughout 2005. In 2006, Microsoft also unveiled the FlexGo initiative, which would also target emerging markets with subsidized PCs on a pre-paid, subscription basis._NEWLINE_As the result of unfair competition lawsuits in Europe and South Korea, which both alleged that Microsoft had improperly leveraged its status in the PC market to favor its own bundled software, Microsoft was ordered to release special versions of XP in these markets that excluded certain applications. In March 2004, after the European Commission fined Microsoft €497 million (US$603 million), Microsoft was ordered to release "N" versions of XP that excluded Windows Media Player, encouraging users to pick and download their own media player software.  As it was sold at the same price as the version with Windows Media Player included, certain OEMs (such as Dell, who offered it for a short period, along with Hewlett-Packard, Lenovo and Fujitsu Siemens) chose not to offer it. Consumer interest was minuscule, with roughly 1,500 units shipped to OEMs, and no reported sales to consumers. In December 2005, the Korean Fair Trade Commission ordered Microsoft to make available editions of Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 that do not contain Windows Media Player or Windows Messenger. The "K" and "KN" editions of Windows XP were released in August 2006, and are only available in English and Korean, and also contain links to third-party instant messenger and media player software.
Service Pack 1 (SP1) for Windows XP was released on September 9, 2002. It contained over 300 minor, post-RTM bug fixes, along with all security patches released since the original release of XP. SP1 also added USB 2.0 support, the Microsoft Java Virtual Machine, .NET Framework support, and support for technologies used by the then-upcoming Media Center and Tablet PC editions of XP. The most significant change on SP1 was the addition of Set Program Access and Defaults, a settings page which allows programs to be set as default for certain types of activities (such as media players or web browsers) and for access to bundled, Microsoft programs (such as Internet Explorer or Windows Media Player) to be disabled. This feature was added to comply with the settlement of United States v. Microsoft Corp., which required Microsoft to offer the ability for OEMs to bundle third-party competitors to software it bundles with Windows (such as Internet Explorer and Windows Media Player), and give them the same level of prominence as those normally bundled with the OS._NEWLINE_On February 3, 2003, Microsoft released Service Pack 1a (SP1a). It was the same as SP1, except that the Microsoft Java Virtual Machine was removed.
Service Pack 2 (SP2) was released on August 25, 2004. Headline features included WPA encryption compatibility for Wi-Fi & usability improvements to the Wi-Fi networking user interface, partial Bluetooth support, and various improvements to security systems._NEWLINE_The security improvements (codenamed "Springboard", as these features were intended to underpin additional changes in Longhorn), included a major revision to the included firewall (renamed Windows Firewall, and now enabled by default), and an update to Data Execution Prevention, which gained hardware support in the NX bit that can stop some forms of buffer overflow attacks. Raw socket support is removed (which supposedly limits the damage done by zombie machines) and the Windows Messenger service (which had been abused to cause pop-up advertisements to be displayed as system messages without a web browser or any additional software) became disabled by default. Additionally, security-related improvements were made to e-mail and web browsing. Service Pack 2 also added Security Center, an interface which provides a general overview of the system's security status, including the state of the firewall and automatic updates. Third-party firewall and antivirus software can also be monitored from Security Center._NEWLINE_In August 2006, Microsoft released updated installation media for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 SP2 (SP2b), in order to incorporate a patch requiring ActiveX controls in Internet Explorer to be manually activated before a user may interact with them. This was done so that the browser would not violate a patent owned by Eolas. Microsoft has since licensed the patent, and released a patch reverting the change in April 2008. In September 2007, another minor revision known as SP2c was released for XP Professional, extending the number of available product keys for the operating system to "support the continued availability of Windows XP Professional through the scheduled system builder channel end-of-life (EOL) date of January 31, 2009."
The third and final Service Pack, SP3, was released to manufacturing on April 21, 2008, and to the public via both the Microsoft Download Center and Windows Update on May 6, 2008. Service Pack 3 is not available for Windows XP x64 Edition, which is based on the Windows Server 2003 kernel._NEWLINE_It began being automatically pushed out to Automatic Updates users on July 10, 2008. A feature set overview which details new features available separately as stand-alone updates to Windows XP, as well as backported features from Windows Vista, has been posted by Microsoft. A total of 1,174 fixes are included in SP3. Service Pack 3 can be installed on systems with Internet Explorer versions 6, 7, or 8; Internet Explorer 7 is not included as part of SP3._NEWLINE_Service Pack 3 included security enhancements over and above those of SP2, including APIs allowing developers to enable Data Execution Prevention for their code, independent of system-wide compatibility enforcement settings, the Security Support Provider Interface, improvements to WPA2 security, and an updated version of the Microsoft Enhanced Cryptographic Provider Module that is FIPS 140-2 certified._NEWLINE_In incorporating all previously released updates not included in SP2, Service Pack 3 included many other key features. Windows Imaging Component allowed camera vendors to integrate their own proprietary image codecs with the operating system's features, such as thumbnails and slideshows. In enterprise features, Remote Desktop Protocol 6.1 included support for ClearType and 32-bit color depth over RDP, while improvements made to Windows Management Instrumentation in Windows Vista to reduce the possibility of corruption of the WMI repository were backported to XP SP3._NEWLINE_In addition, SP3 contains updates to the operating system components of Windows XP Media Center Edition (MCE) and Windows XP Tablet PC Edition, and security updates for .NET Framework version 1.0, which is included in these editions. However, it does not include update rollups for the Windows Media Center application in Windows XP MCE 2005. SP3 also omits security updates for Windows Media Player 10, although the player is included in Windows XP MCE 2005.  The Address Bar DeskBand on the Taskbar is no longer included due to antitrust violation concerns.
On release, Windows XP received critical acclaim. CNET described the operating system as being "worth the hype", considering the new interface to be "spiffier" and more intuitive than previous versions, but feeling that it may "annoy" experienced users with its "hand-holding". XP's expanded multimedia support and CD burning functionality were also noted, along with its streamlined networking tools. The performance improvements of XP in comparison to 2000 and Me were also praised, along with its increased number of built-in device drivers in comparison to 2000. The software compatibility tools were also praised, although it was noted that some programs, particularly older MS-DOS software, may not work correctly on XP due to its differing architecture. They panned Windows XP's new licensing model and product activation system, considering it to be a "slightly annoying roadblock", but acknowledged Microsoft's intent for the changes. PC Magazine provided similar praise, although noting that a number of its online features were designed to promote Microsoft-owned services, and that aside from quicker boot times, XP's overall performance showed little difference over Windows 2000._NEWLINE_Despite extended support for Windows XP ending in 2014, many users – including some enterprises – were reluctant to move away from an operating system they viewed as a stable known quantity despite the many security and functionality improvements in subsequent releases of Windows. Windows XP's longevity was viewed as testament to its stability and Microsoft's successful attempts to keep it up to date, but also as an indictment of its direct successor's perceived failings.
According to web analytics data generated by Net Applications, Windows XP was the most widely used operating system until August 2012, when Windows 7 overtook it (later overtaken by Windows 10), while StatCounter indicates it happening almost a year earlier. In January 2014, Net Applications reported a market share of 29.23% of "desktop operating systems" for XP (when XP was introduced there was not a separate mobile category to track), while W3Schools reported a share of 11.0%._NEWLINE_As of November 2018, in most regions, Windows XP market share, as a fraction of the total Windows share, has gone below 4%. XP still has a double-digit market share in a few countries, such as Armenia at 28.88% (and up to highest ranked at 47.39% in August 2019)._NEWLINE_At the continental level, Africa has the highest XP market share at 3.84% as of July 2019.
The Winograd Schema Challenge (WSC) is a test of machine intelligence proposed by Hector Levesque, a computer scientist at the University of Toronto. Designed to be an improvement on the Turing test, it is a multiple-choice test that employs questions of a very specific structure: they are instances of what are called Winograd Schemas, named after Terry Winograd, a professor of computer science at Stanford University._NEWLINE_On the surface, Winograd Schema questions simply require the resolution of anaphora: the machine must identify the antecedent of an ambiguous pronoun in a statement. This makes it a task of natural language processing, but Levesque argues that for Winograd Schemas, the task requires the use of knowledge and commonsense reasoning._NEWLINE_Nuance Communications announced in July 2014 that it would sponsor an annual WSC competition, with a prize of $25,000 for the best system that could match human performance. However, the prize is no longer offered.
Wonga was co-founded by Errol Damelin and Jonty Hurwitz in October 2006. The name "Wonga" is a slang term of Romany origin for money, used in some parts of Britain since the 1980s._NEWLINE_Both Damelin and Hurwitz had previous Internet start-up experience; neither had any experience of retail banking. When the company first started looking for funding, potential investors saw the short-term, small-loans business as an unprofitable, risky backwater. After being denied funding by UK banks, Wonga secured venture capital through Balderton Capital. The first place of business was in a shared office space in St. John's Wood, London. After a year of software development a beta website was launched in 2007. In interviews, Damelin said that the goal was to disrupt the short-term credit industry by providing transparency, exact control of amount and payment date, immediate access to funds, and no faxing or emailing documents. The business model of lending only to those who could pay back reliably, as opposed to the much wider catchment practice of payday loans required an algorithm that could fully determine risk in an automated manner – something they had difficulty developing in the early stages. To get funds directly to customer's bank accounts as quickly as possible, co-operation from leading banks was required. Banks were reportedly dismissive of Wonga's plan, saying they would not be totally satisfied about customer identity without physical documentation._NEWLINE_Within five minutes of launch, the first loan application was processed, and within a week the first loan default occurred. The subsequent months of operation showed increased demand, but traditional methods of credit risk assessment proved inadequate and the company experienced default rates of around 50%. The company used this period to gather data on customer behaviour and began developing their own proprietary risk technology. The full market launch of Wonga.com was July 2008 and 100,000 loans were reached by June 2009. Through the experience of processing these loans, the company developed technologies which began to dramatically reduce the percentage of defaults. In July 2009 Wonga raised a further £13.9m of funding in a Round B led by Accel Partners, Greylock Partners and Dawn Capital which improved the technology and the launch in December 2009 of the first end-to-end iPhone credit app. In 2009 the company was already profitable and default rates were below 10%, less than the average for credit cards. A third round of funding was completed in 2011, for £73m led by Oak Investment Partners including additional investors Meritech Capital Partners and the Wellcome Trust. By the end of 2011, Wonga's technology could reliably reject two-thirds of applications and predict to 93% accuracy the ability of a customer to repay a loan. In May 2012, they opened a business in South Africa offering consumer loans. The Daily Telegraph reported in November 2012 that Wonga were also testing their technology in Canada._NEWLINE_On 30 September 2014, Wonga announced that its profits for the year to the end of December 2013 had fallen by 53% to £39.7 million. The company blamed "remediation costs" – compensation paid to customers – which in total cost the company £18.8m. Wonga also said it expects to be "smaller and less profitable" in future, in part due to new controls set by the regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Since July 2014, all payday loan companies have had to conform to new rules, which limit roll-overs of loans and force them to increase affordability checks. From January 2015, they were also to have their charges capped._NEWLINE_Wonga's losses more than doubled in 2015 as tougher regulation of the payday loan sector led to a sharp fall in the number of loans taken out by UK consumers; the business reported a pre-tax loss of £80.2m for the year – up from £38.1m the year before. After tax, the company lost £76.5m, versus £43.6m in 2014. The UK remained a core part of the business; as of 2013 customers in the UK accounted for 3.8m of the 4m loans it granted. The drop in revenues was driven primarily by a new price cap and stricter criteria set by UK regulators._NEWLINE_In April 2017, Wonga suffered a data breach which may have affected up to 245,000 customers in the UK. The range of information stolen may also include the last four digits of customers' bank cards – information used by some banks as part of the login process for online accounts._NEWLINE_On 4 August 2018, the company received an emergency £10m cash injection from shareholders after its chief executive warned it was in danger of becoming insolvent due to a surge in customer compensation claims. On 26 August 2018, it was reported to be on the brink of collapse with Grant Thornton lined up to act as administrators in the event it becomes insolvent, pending a decision to be made within weeks. However, it went into administration on 30 August 2018, and on the following day Grant Thornton were appointed as administrators, to conduct a wind-down of the business that would involve the sale of assets and identifying creditors. At the time there were more than 10,500 claims for compensation._NEWLINE_In March 2019, administrators said in a letter to a Treasury select committee that compensation claims for mis-sold loans against Wonga had increased fourfold to more than 40,000 since the collapse, with more claims expected. Due to the large number of complaints and Wonga's lack of assets, claimants—unsecured creditors—were likely to receive much less than they were entitled to.
Modern web browsers support word counting via extensions, via a JavaScript bookmarklet, or a script that is hosted in a website. Most word processors can also count words. Unix-like systems include a  program, wc, specifically for word counting. There are a wide variety of word counting tools available online._NEWLINE_As explained earlier, different word counting programs may give varying results, depending on the text segmentation rule details. The exact number of words often is not a strict requirement, thus the variation is acceptable.
The Yunggor shared the traditional stories of creation, recited on ceremonial occasions, which were common to that area, in which the Wawalag (Wauwaluk) sisters figured prominently and were closely linked to the Gunabibi legendary mother figure. The Wawalag sisters have a key function in three distinct rituals: (a) the djunggawon ceredmony where dancers perform the swallowing of the two by a python; (b) the kunapipi story which is reenacted to relate the swallowing of young men, and (c) the ngurlmag rite which concerns details about the Wawalag sisters' shelter.
The school features cooperative education in all of its undergraduate programs. The bachelor's programs have all been accredited by the Canadian Engineering Accreditation Board (CEAB).  Each year, ETS graduates the largest number of engineers in Quebec and ranks second in Canada. _NEWLINE_Students can specialize in the following disciplines:_NEWLINE_Construction Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Production Engineering, Industrial Engineering_NEWLINE_The university also offers multiple research programs leading to a Master's or a PhD degree. International graduate students come from all five continents, including, notably, France, Brazil, Mexico, India, and Iran. The main research fields are energy, environment, manufacturing, health technologies, enterprise systems, IT, micro-electronics and telecommunications, aerospace manufacturing and avionics, project management, innovation management and many more.
In December 2010, AgustaWestland's management approved the formation of a team under James Wang with the intention of producing a technology demonstrator incorporating as many new innovations as possible on a single airframe. Speaking in 2013, Wang noted that electric technologies were rapidly advancing, and that the function of Project Zero was to achieve readiness with electric aircraft technologies: "Rather than waiting for the battery to become even better, then working on electric aircraft technology, the team has positioned itself to be ready for the next generation of batteries"._NEWLINE_At AgustaWestland and its partner companies, a total of two dozen full-time engineers worked on the project in a skunkworks-style of development at AgustaWestland's Cascina Costa facility in Italy. According to Wang, those appointed to the team were handpicked, and were typically young and passionate; each member had a specific specialty in one area. The team quickly decided that, instead of pursuing an electric-powered but otherwise conventional airplane or helicopter, a more radical approach would be adopted: A twin-rotor electric tiltrotor, lacking any transmission or swashplates. Wang summarised the team's philosophy as "Anything that is bordline impossible, we want to do"._NEWLINE_Noting that the AgustaWestland AW169's development had been completed in under four years, management decided to challenge the team to complete the project within a single year, including initial flight testing. The team worked almost continuously, 24 hours per day and seven days per week for the initial six-month period. Team members did not wait on emails or voicemail, instead going directly to one another in person, being based in the same office, this also assisted in maintaining secrecy - direct teamwork in this fashion was heavily encouraged. AgustaWestland's Advanced Concepts Group performed extensive model testing for the project; this involved the creation of multiple flight-capable 1/10th-scale models, which were flown to test the extremes of the flight envelope due to the aircraft's atypical shape. The use of computer aided design (CAD) tools was also essential to meeting the extremely fast schedule of the program; computational fluid dynamics and finite element modeling were both used extensively._NEWLINE_Various companies in Italy, the UK, the U.S. and Japan worked on the design and/or manufacturing of elements of Project Zero, including four different branches of Finmeccanica. Ansaldo Breda designed a custom-built electric motor inverter and accompanying motor control algorithm, Selex ES provided the High-Integrity Flight Control Computer and the Actuator Control Unit. Lucchi R.Elettromeccanica custom-built the axial flux permanent magnetic motors; Rotor Systems Research LLC worked in conjunction with AgustaWestland on the aerodynamic design of the rotor blades. Lola Composites produced the composite material from which most of the exterior surfaces are made of Carbon-fiber-reinforced polymer (CFRP), while UCHIDA manufactured the composite structure for the rotor blades, shrouds, and spokes. Stile Bertone worked to develop the aesthetic and aerodynamic styling of the aircraft._NEWLINE_The designation Project Zero was derived from an observation that this was a unique internal project with no comparable counterpart within the company's history. The development of Project Zero was conducted within a short amount of time; the time between the start of the design phase and the first flight of the demonstrator itself was less than six months. In order to ensure that tangible benefits from the project were made, it was decided that a full-scale aircraft must be produced and flown. In June 2011, a full-scale demonstrator performed an initial tethered flight at Cascina Costa, Italy. According to Wang, there was no need for any redesigning or corrective work "Everything worked - the whole design - first time".
Jabrayilov was born in Okhud village, Shaki District, Azerbaijani SSR, on 22 September 1920. In 1941, he began his service in the Soviet Army._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_In 1960, the Soviet newspaper Nedelya (1960) published the following version of the biography of Jabrayilov by Soviet journalist Nikolay Paniyev and Azerbaijani historian Garash Madatov:_NEWLINE_Wounded, Jabrayilov was taken hostage by the Germans. After several failed attempts, he managed to flee from the German camp. In August 1944, Jabrayilov was told by the leadership of the French Resistance to organize an escape from the camp of the town of Rodez that contained several thousands of Azerbaijanis. However, on 15 August a traitor exposed the plot to the Germans. While the plotters were being transported to the execution yard, several of them managed to escape. Later, the plotters joined the Soviet partisan regiment and formed a task unit that, together with the French patriots, liberated the town of Rodez from the German occupation. For his participation in the Resistance movement, Jabrayilov was awarded seven French medals._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_The same author, Garash Madatov, in the book Azerbaijan in the Great Patriotic War, puts the biography of Jabrayilov in the following way:_NEWLINE_Participated in the Resistance since its inception, liberated Paris from the Nazis and was awarded the highest French order. On 20 August 1944 at a rally in the liberated Paris (Paris was liberated on 25 August 1944) Jabrayilov delivered a speech on behalf of the Soviet soldiers._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_In the newspaper Bakinskiy Rabochiy (Baku Worker) of 1966, the biography of Jabrayilov is presented the following way:_NEWLINE_Was taken hostage in the area of Kharkov-Izyum. Attempted to escape. Was placed in a camp near Lvov under the number 4167. Transiting through Germany he reached France. Several times tried to escape, was caught. In a camp in Toulouse, where he was again numbered 4167, a French cleaning woman Jeanne pitied Jabrayilov and persuaded the commandant of the camp to bury him in a decent way. A German doctor noticed that Jabrayilov was still alive, but allowed the funeral, hoping that he would die underground. Jabrayilov was buried alive in a coffin, at midnight French partisans dug up the coffin and pulled Jabrayilov out while he was still alive. Jeanne linked Jabrayilov with the Delplanque detachment (underground name of Dumas) [capitaine Gaston Delplanque organized the Resistance in canton Nègrepelisse], together with other soldiers of the detachment Jabrayilov participated in a number of combat operations, blew up trains and bridges, foiled the plans of sending the French to labor camps in Germany. In course of one of such combat operations Jabrayilov, disguised in German uniform, was wounded and fell to the Germans, who took him for one of their own and placed him in a hospital. Having regained consciousness, Jabrayilov escaped from the hospital. During the liberation of Bordeaux [liberated on 28 August 1944] Jabrayilov, within the Delplanque detachment, led a group that penetrated into the center of the city through the sewers and caused panic among the Germans. Later, together with the Delplanque detachment, Jabrayilov went to Paris, where he met with the leader of the Communist Party, Maurice Thorez, and addressed the French people at a rally. Maurice Thorez awarded Jabrayilov with the highest French decorations – the "War Cross" (Croix de Guerre), the "Medal for voluntary military service" and the "Military Medal", which, according to Thorez, enabled Jabrayilov to march at the parades ahead of the French generals. During the surrender of Germany Jabrayilov was in Paris, he then returned to his native Azerbaijan._NEWLINE_According to the article of Azerbaijani historian H. Mehtiyev (published in Ever Living Traditions in 1968), Jabrayilov fought in France within "the first Soviet partisan division". While he was with them, the division liberated Paris. In total, Jabrayilov was awarded 8 highest orders and medals of France._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_In the book Against the Common Enemy (1972), Jabrayilov describes his own biography the following way:_NEWLINE_In 1942 he was captured and in September 1942 was placed in a camp in the city of Montauban, where death-marked Jabrayilov was pitied by a French cleaning woman, Jeanne. She persuaded the commandant of the camp to bury Jabrayilov outside of the camp, however what was eventually buried was an empty coffin, while Jabrayilov was hiding in a haystack. Then, late [in the] fall of 1942, he joined the squad Delplanque in the Tarn-et-Garonne, as a member of which he was blowing up bridges and trains transporting the Germans and carrying out other daring combat operations. Jabrayilov's fame resounded throughout France. Being wounded, disguised in the German uniform, he was taken to a German hospital, but escaped shortly. In mid-August 1944 Jabrayilov was in Paris, where he participated in the liberation of the city. Was wounded. After the liberation of Paris [August 25, 1944] was eager to keep fighting, but the French insisted that he completes his treatment in a sanatorium. Upon his return to the squad after completing his treatment Jabrayilov with the Delplanque detachment participated in the liberation of Bordeaux [liberated on 28 August 1944], maneuvering through the sewers right to the town center and striking the Germans behind their lines. In September 1944, he participated in the liberation of Dijon [11 September 1944], blowing up ammunition and fuel depots on the outskirts of the city, while his friends stormed the city. Later, also with the Delplanque detachment, he fought near Colmar and Strasbourg. He then returned to Paris, where he met with Maurice Thorez. Was awarded five medals, "War Cross" (Croix de Guerre), "Cross for bravery", "Insignia for the Military Wounded", "Partisan Medal" and the "Medal for personal bravery in combat"._NEWLINE_According to the captain B. Karpov (Soviet Military Review, 1975), Jabrayilov was placed in a camp near Montauban under the number 4167. A French woman, Jeanne, saved dying Jabrayilov by burying an empty coffin instead of his body. Jabrayilov joined the French partisans, with whom he carried out numerous dangerous combat operations. With the "Poppies squad" he liberated the city of Toulon, making his way through the sewers to the center of the city and striking behind the lines of the enemy. Jabrayilov also took part in the liberation of Lyon, Marseille, Toulouse and Paris.  In 1945, Maurice Thorez invited Jabrayilov to his home and awarded him with orders and medals on behalf of the French government._NEWLINE_According to the French newspaper «Sud Ouest» (1975), maqui Jabrayilov was saved from a prison in Montauban while he was the prisoner of the Germans during the war. Later with the maquis of the region, he had to participate in the liberation of Montauban, Toulouse and Rodez._NEWLINE_According to the Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia, Jabrayilov was captured in May 1942 in course of the battle for Donbas, and was kept in Dachau and Alsace-Lorraine concentration camps. In November 1942, he fled to join the partisans in France, took part in battles for the liberation of France, received several French awards (including Médaille militaire for personal bravery) and was retired in 1946._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_In the newspaper, Bakinskiy Rabochiy (Baku Worker), Ms. Rugiya Aliyeva, an Azerbaijani journalist and author of the book Azerbaijanis in the European Movement of Resistance, tells the following story of Jabrayilov's life:_NEWLINE_In 1942, he was taken hostage near Izyum. In 1943 he was sent to a camp in the town of Rodez together with other Azerbaijani prisoners of war. In the camp Jabrayilov was numbered 4167 and stayed there until at least the beginning of 1944. Dying Jabrayilov was saved by a French woman named Jeanne, who persuaded a carpenter to pierce holes in Jabrayilov's coffin so that the air could go through. At night, the partisans pulled Jabrayilov out of the coffin.  Together with the guerrillas, Jabrayilov accomplished unique feats, he was declared wanted and the Germans pledged a reward of 10,000 Marks and two vehicles for his head. Maurice Thorez gifted Jabrayilov a custom engraved gun. When Jabrayilov's fame reached the Resistance leadership, Charles de Gaulle expressed a wish to meet with Jabrayilov. Their meeting took place on the outskirts of Tarbes, where de Gaulle instructed Jabrayilov to perform a series of complex combat operations, which Jabrayilov carried out flawlessly. After the liberation of Paris de Gaulle invited Jabrayilov to a banquet to celebrate the liberation of the French capital. At that banquet Jabrayilov was seated directly to the right of Charles de Gaulle. Jabrayilov was awarded the title of the "National Hero of France" and the Legion of Honor, which allows him to march at the parades ahead of the French generals. When Jabrayilov decided to return to the Soviet Union his wife Sarah refused to and she also kept in France their two children, Michael and Ali. During his visit to the USSR in 1966, de Gaulle wanted to visit Jabrayilov's home in his village of Sheki, but the Soviet leadership decided to send Ahmadiyya to Moscow instead. In the Sheremetyevo airport de Gaulle saw Jabrayilov, breaching diplomatic protocol he embraced Ahmadiyya and invited him to his Moscow residence. De Gaulle offered Jabrayilov property in France and cars as a gift, but Ahmadiyya rejected the kind offer. In November 1990, the French Senate invited Jabrayilov to France to take part in the celebration of the 100th anniversary of Charles de Gaulle._NEWLINE_According to Rossiyskaya Gazeta, de Gaulle met with Jabrayilov three times. Arriving in Moscow in 1966, de Gaulle included a meeting with Jabrayilov in his agenda. Jabrayilov was awarded the title of the "National Hero of France". He was also awarded the Legion of Honor and a number of other French decorations, including the Cross of Military Valour, which entitled him to march in parades ahead of the French generals._NEWLINE_According to the Translation Centre of the Cabinet of Ministers of Azerbaijan, Jabrayilov was a prisoner of war numbered 4167 and was placed in the camp near Marseille, which he fled to join French guerillas. In course of one of the combat operations, dressed in a German uniform, Jabrayilov was wounded and taken to a German hospital. Upon recovery, he was appointed commandant of the city of Albi, where he remained for eight months, gaining respect and credibility among his superiors and subordinates. Jabrayilov's actions to rescue prisoners of the concentration camps earned the admiration of de Gaulle. After the war, Jabrayilov, "one of the most respected members of the Union of Veterans of the Resistance" and "a legend of the Resistance", married a French woman, with whom he had two children, and worked in the office of Charles de Gaulle. In Dijon, an automobile factory was named after Jabrayilov. However, in 1951, Jabrayilov decided to return to the USSR. The United States offered "the famous reconnaissance man" American citizenship, France offered to gift Jabrayilov the factory named after him, but Jabrayilov rejected the offers. Upon his return to his native village, Okhud, he barely managed to avoid arrest and was forced to work as a shepherd. In France, a two-part film was made dedicated the life of Jabrayilov._NEWLINE_The version regarding his work as a commandant of the city of Albi can be also found in the material by Vugar Hasanov published on Vesti.az and in the encyclopedia Intelligence and Counterintelligence in the People._NEWLINE_Azerbaijani media representatives met with Javanshir Jabrayilov, the son of Ahmadiyya Jabrayilov, who heads the museum dedicated to his father's life. Javanshir related a story told by Ahmadiyya and his partisan friends. According to Jabrayilov's story, one day, during their walk in Paris, Charles de Gaulle and Jabrayilov were approached by a person in a hijab, and Jabrayilov hit that person. In response to de Gaulle's indignation as to how a Muslim could raise a hand on a Muslim woman, Jabrayilov tore the hijab off of that person revealing that it was actually not a Muslim woman, but a German officer disguised in a hijab. De Gaulle, saved by Jabrayilov, embraced Ahmadiyya and called him "his son".
There are several Soviet plays, stories and documentary films about Ahmadiyya Jabrayilov. In 1975 the film Hero of France (in Azerbaijani) was shot by Azerbaijani director Khamiz Muradov (in Azerbaijani)._NEWLINE_According to the order of Azerbaijan President Heydar Aliyev, a bronze monument of Jabrayilov (by sculptor A. Tsalikov) was erected over his grave in Okhud village cemetery. One of the streets in Shaki is named for him._NEWLINE_There is a house-museum of Ahmadiya Jabrayilov in Shaki, which was organised by his son, Javanshir Jabrayilov._NEWLINE_In November 2007, the French embassy in Azerbaijan, Baku French Cultural Centre and Sheki museum organized the exhibition He was called Armed Michele in France on the life of Ahmadiyya Jabrailov. Photos, original of documents and a documentary film about Jabrayilov were presented at the exhibition._NEWLINE_In June 2016 in front of the Mausoleum of Cabertat, close to Montauban (50 km from Toulouse, where the remains of the Resistance heroes, including those from Azerbaijan lay) Ahmadiyya Jabrayilov (aka Akmed Michel) and other Azerbaijani members of the French Resistance who participated in the Maquis de Cabertat and the Third Hussars Regiment during the Second World War were commemorated. The commemoration also included the unveiling of a plaque with the portrait of Jabrayilov.
In 2010, Vollenweider gave concerts in Eastern and Western Europe. In June, he undertook a special concert project, which he titled The Watercourse Way, at the Shanghai Centre in Shanghai, China, as part of Expo 2010. A "Dream Concert" of the extended AVAF followed in August, as did the "Dancing With The Lion Orchestra" concert on the shore of Lake Zurich; it featured a gathering of Vollenweider's musical friends from all corners of the world. In 2011, three decades after his first concert, he accepted the invitation of Montreux Jazz Festival founder Claude Nobs to perform an exclusive jubilee concert, on 7 July, at the 45th such Festival, titled "30 Years Andreas Vollenweider & Friends". It featured special guests Richard Bona and Raul Midon._NEWLINE_In 2012, he played at the farewell concert for Claude Nobs, who had died in January of that year. In the same year Vollenweider was granted the Swiss Music Award for "Outstanding Achievement Award" for his continuing life's work. On Christmas Eve, Swiss Television broadcasts the first major documentary devoted to Vollenweider, in which filmmaker Cristina Karrer shows impressing and touching sequences recorded in October 2010 in South Africa. In May 2012 Andreas Vollenweider lends his name to a campaign by ROKPA, a charity he has been working with for decades. Children who had once lived on the streets in Kathmandu, Nepal, visit eight Swiss cities to tell their moving stories using theatre, dance and music, with a changing roster of Swiss musical guests and an equally celebrated line-up of TV moderators._NEWLINE_For a scientific study conducted between 2013 and 2016 by researchers at the University of Geneva (UNIGE) and the University Hospitals of Geneva (HUG) in Switzerland, Vollenweider wrote music that was specifically designed to improve the neural development of premature babies. The composer wrote three sound environments of eight minutes each, with punji, harp and bells pieces. The neural networks of premature babies who heard Vollenweider's music were significantly improved, becoming more similar to those of full-term newborns, "providing evidence for a beneficial effect of music on the preterm brain".
A simple example of both backward and forward compatibility is the introduction of FM radio in stereo. FM radio was initially mono, with only one audio channel represented by one signal. With the introduction of two-channel stereo FM radio, many listeners had only mono FM receivers. Forward compatibility for mono receivers with stereo signals was achieved through sending the sum of both left and right audio channels in one signal and the difference in another signal. That allows mono FM receivers to receive and decode the sum signal while ignoring the difference signal, which is necessary only for separating the audio channels. Stereo FM receivers can receive a mono signal and decode it without the need for a second signal, and they can separate a sum signal to left and right channels if both sum and difference signals are received. Without the requirement for backward compatibility, a simpler method could have been chosen._NEWLINE_Full backward compatibility is particularly important in computer instruction set architectures, one of the most successful being the x86 family of microprocessors. Their full backward compatibility spans back to the 16-bit Intel 8086/8088 processors introduced in 1978. (The 8086/8088, in turn, were designed with easy machine-translatability of programs written for its predecessor in mind, although they were not instruction-set compatible with the 8-bit Intel 8080 processor as of 1974. The Zilog Z80, however, was fully backwards compatible with the Intel 8080.)_NEWLINE_Fully backwards compatible processors can process the same binary executable software instructions as their predecessors, allowing the use of a newer processor without having to acquire new applications or operating systems. Similarly, the success of the Wi-Fi digital communication standard is attributed to its broad forward and backward compatibility; it became more popular than other standards that were not backward compatible.
Compiler backward compatibility may refer to the ability of a compiler of a newer version of the language to accept programs or data that worked under the previous version._NEWLINE_A data format is said to be backward compatible with its predecessor if every message or file that is valid under the old format is still valid, retaining its meaning under the new format.
In 1953, Shoghi Effendi, the head of the Bahá'í Faith, planned an international teaching plan termed the Ten Year Crusade. This was during a period of wide scale growth in the religion across Sub-Saharan Africa near the end of the period of the Colonisation of Africa. During the plan Ali Nakhjavani and his wife drove by car with two African pioneers from Uganda where the religion was growing very quickly to open new countries to the religion. The first pioneer in the region was Max Kinyerezi October 6 who settled in what was then French Equatorial Africa, and then Enoch Olinga to British Cameroon on October 15. In Limbe (then called Victoria), through the efforts of Olinga, Jacob Tabot Awo converted to the religion becoming the first Cameroonian Bahá'í. During the following year there were many converts to the religion, many of whom were from the Basel Mission system of Protestant Christians. Meherangiz Munsiff, a young Indian woman, arrived in French Cameroon in April 1954 in Douala after helping to found the Bahá'í Faith in Madagascar. A letter from Olinga describes the advancement of the religion into 6 towns and translation work into the Duala language had begun of a pamphlet._NEWLINE_As the number of Bahá'ís was growing rapidly, Shoghi Effendi asked if members of the religion could pioneer to neighboring areas where there were still no Bahá'ís. On April 21, 1954 a Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly was formed and five young Cameroonians left during the Ridván period, each becoming a Knight of Bahá'u'lláh; the various protectorates they arrived in merged into the modern countries of Cameroon, Ghana, and Togo. It was emphasized that western pioneers be self-effacing and focus their efforts not on the colonial leadership but on the native Africans - and that the pioneers must show by actions the sincerity of their sense of service to the Africans in bringing the religion and then the Africans who understand their new religion are to be given freedom to rise up and spread the religion according to their own sensibilities and the pioneers to disperse or step into the background. Enoch Olinga is specifically mentioned as an example of this process unfolding as he arose out of Uganda and repeated the quick growth of the religion. Because of the successive waves of people becoming Knights of Bahá'u'lláh, Enoch Olinga was entitled "Abd'l-Futuh", a Persian name meaning "the father of victories" by Shoghi Effendi. In very early 1955, Valerie Wilson, an Auxiliary Board member for Africa stationed in Monrovia, Liberia, embarked on what was considered a bold trip for a woman alone by car to travel on a trip across some 3,000 kilometres (2,000 mi) to visit the Bahá'í groups functioning in the Gold Coast, Togoland and the British Cameroons. In April 1955 British Cameroon had eight assemblies.
Over 600 Bahá’ís and their friends gathered at the Palais des congrès in Yaoundé to celebrate the Golden Jubilee of the founding of the Bahá'í community in Cameroon. Mr. and Mrs. Nakhjavani and other guests of honour, went to Limbe to visit the Bahá'í s of the southwest province, and Buea where they were received by the paramount chief, and travelled to Douala.
Dr. Hailpern received his B.S. degree, summa cum laude, in Mathematics from the University of Denver (Denver, Colorado) in 1976, and his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science from Stanford University (Stanford, California) in 1978 and 1980 respectively. His thesis was titled, "Verifying Concurrent Processes Using Temporal Logic".
Dr. Hailpern joined the IBM T. J. Watson Research Center (Yorktown Heights, New York) as a Research Staff Member in 1980. He worked on and managed various projects relating to issues of concurrency and programming languages. In 1987, he founded the Programming Languages and Foundations Department as its senior manager. In 1989, he became the senior manager of Research's Software Environments Department. In 1990, Dr. Hailpern joined the Technical Strategy Development Staff in IBM Corporate Headquarters (Armonk, New York) returning to the Research Division in 1991, where he served as Senior Technical Consultant to the Research Division Vice President for Systems and Software._NEWLINE_In 1992, he became Program Director and Senior Manager, Operating Systems Structures Department, where he coordinated the Research Division's joint programs with IBM's AS/400 Division and Personal Software Products Division. The department he managed researched issues of operating systems principles, file systems, and multimedia servers. In 1995, he became the Department Manager for the Software Systems Department and in 1996 for the Internet Technology Department. He coordinated the Research Division relationship with Lotus Software and the IBM Pervasive Computing Division. He was responsible for a group of departments covering workflow, internet server performance, Internet software for K-12 education, electronic mail, and applications/middleware for handheld computers. He was also the client product manager for the IBM NetVista product. In 1996, he received IBM's Outstanding Innovation Award for his contributions to the IBM NetVista product._NEWLINE_From 1999-2004, he was the Associate Director of Computer Science for IBM Research. In 2004, he became the Department Group Manager for Software Technology, where, as Director of Programming Models and Tools, he managed departments researching Programming Technology, Software Engineering, and Tools for Non-Programmers.  He moved to the research center in San Jose in October 2011, as Director of Computer Science.
CHAOS was developed to utilise idle desktop computer resources to perform pro-active brute-force cryptanalysis against given password hashes. A brute-force attack, as its name suggests, requires an adversary to employ a mammoth work effort into the resolution of a cryptographic problem. Typically, this is an exhaustive search of a particular key space. For example, resolving the password for three upper-case alpha characters would require exploring the key-space for: AAA, AAB, AAC ... ZZX, ZZY, ZZZ._NEWLINE_In order to reduce the time required to search the key-space, portions of the work effort can be farmed out idle resources. As opposed to rainbow tables this technique allows for brute-force attacks to be performed against irregular or salted algorithms.
The tool used to provide the cryptographic tests was John the Ripper (JtR). JtR was scaled by using named pipes to funnel a controlled dictionary (a set of keys to try) into an arbitrary number of JtR clients. Each client would take one key, encrypt it, and test it against a local copy of the hash(es). John the Ripper on CHAOS differed from Cisillia as it facilitated dictionary based brute-force attacks across a large number of algorithms, rather than an entire key-space driven brute-force attack across one or two algorithms.
The project started as tool development work for the IT Security group at Macquarie University in 2003, with an initial team that included Rob Dartnell, Ian Latter and Ty Miller. There was a need to demonstrate the weakness in one particular application's security via its one hashed, network transmitted, password. The OpenMosix cluster software, at that time, was available via a number of Linux distributions, but these were neither secure nor dynamic enough to support the campus PC environment that the cluster software was to be deployed into._NEWLINE_The CHAOS distribution was created to fill this need, and was developed under the GPL to allow the OpenMosix community members to benefit from the security enhancements employed around the OpenMosix software (the clustering technology that is added to the Linux kernel). Security improvements made by the team included IPSEC tunnels for all cluster communications, state aware packet filtering for each node, a tiny operating system image which allowed for PXE booting to remote PC memory, zero-touch cluster creation, etc._NEWLINE_The original CHAOS project page was at https://web.archive.org/web/20050615021558/http://itsecurity.mq.edu.au/chaos/ - the original page is no longer available.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated.  In Cademario about 70.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).       _NEWLINE_In Cademario there were a total of 117 students (as of 2009).  The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Cademario there were 13 children in kindergarten.  The primary school program lasts for five years.  In the municipality, 47 students attended the standard primary schools.  In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education.  There were 34 students in the two-year middle school, while 7 students were in the four-year advanced program.      _NEWLINE_The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college.  In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student).  There were 7 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 7 who attend part-time.       _NEWLINE_The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields.  There were 2 students in the professional program.  _NEWLINE_As of 2000, there were 73 students in Cademario who came from another municipality, while 56 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
During Sukarno's presidency, Jakarta was established and developed as the capital of the new republic. In 1957, Sukarno laid the foundation and street grid layout of Palangkaraya as a new planned capital of Central Kalimantan province. Sukarno however, foresaw the new city as the possible new national capital in the future. The vast available area and its geographic location in the center of the archipelago was the main advantage of the city. Nevertheless, Sukarno seemed to favour Jakarta instead. In the late 1950s to the first half of the 1960s, he filled Jakarta with monuments and statues. Numbers of monumental projects were conceived, planned, and initiated during his administration, including Monumen Nasional, Istiqlal mosque, DPR/MPR Building, and Gelora Bung Karno stadium. Sukarno also filled Jakarta with nationalistic monuments and statues, including Selamat Datang Monument, Pemuda Monument at Senayan, Dirgantara Monument at Pancoran, and the Irian Jaya Liberation Monument at Lapangan Banteng. Although many of the projects were completed later, Sukarno is credited for shaping Jakarta's monuments and landmarks. He desired Jakarta to be the beacon of a powerful new nation._NEWLINE_In 1966, Jakarta was granted its official status as DKI (Daerah Khusus Ibukota) Djakarta, or the Special Capital Region. It promoted the rate of development of government office buildings and foreign embassies. Rapid development created the need for a master plan in order to regulate Jakarta's growth. Since 1966, Jakarta has steadily grown into a modern metropolis._NEWLINE_During the highly centralized New Order regime of Sukarno's successor Suharto, Jakarta was further established as the political and economic core of the nation. Prompted with rapid development and urbanisation, Jakarta attracted large numbers of new settlers from all over the archipelago, with the majority coming from rural Javanese towns. High-rise buildings sprung up, especially in Jakarta's commercial and financial centers along Thamrin, Sudirman and Kuningan avenues. As a result, since the 1970s the population of Jakarta spiked tremendously, and spilled into areas surrounding the capital. The Jabodetabek or Greater Jakarta region has become the largest and the most densely populated urban agglomeration in Southeast Asia.
In April 2017, the Joko Widodo (Jokowi) administration contemplated the idea of moving the capital from Jakarta. The government plans to conclude assessing potential alternative sites that would be suitable to become Indonesia's new capital by the end of 2017. According to an official from the Ministry of National Development Planning of Indonesia (Bappenas), the government had been determined to move the Indonesian capital out of Java. In April 2019, it was announced that Jakarta would no longer be the capital of Indonesia in the future, with a 10-year plan to transfer all government offices to a new capital city. The National Development Planning Ministry recommended the three provinces of South, Central, and East Kalimantan as all fitting the requirements for a new capital, including being relatively free from earthquakes and volcanoes. Shortly after the plan was announced in April 2017, Jokowi visited two alternative locations in Kalimantan, Bukit Soeharto in East Kalimantan and the Triangle Area near Palangkaraya in Central Kalimantan._NEWLINE_On 26 August 2019, Jokowi announced that the new capital will be in both the North Penajam Paser Regency and Kutai Kartanegara Regency, both in East Kalimantan. However, the move still awaits parliamentary approval to become official. The National Development Planning Ministry announced that the move will cost an estimated 466 trillion rupiah ($32.7 billion) and the government intends to cover 19% of the cost. The remainder would come mainly from public-private partnerships and direct investment by both state-owned enterprises and the private sector.
A chain code is a lossless compression algorithm for monochrome images. The basic principle of chain codes is to separately encode each connected component, or "blob", in the image._NEWLINE_For each such region, a point on the boundary is selected and its coordinates are transmitted. The encoder then moves along the boundary of the region and, at each step, transmits a symbol representing the direction of this movement._NEWLINE_This continues until the encoder returns to the starting position, at which point the blob has been completely described, and encoding continues with the next blob in the image._NEWLINE_This encoding method is particularly effective for images consisting of a reasonably small number of large connected components.
The tool is usually useful for entering special characters. It can be opened via the command-line interface or Run command dialog using the 'charmap' command._NEWLINE_The Advanced view check box can be used to inspect the character sets in a font according to different encodings (code pages), including Unicode code ranges, to locate particular characters by their Unicode code point and to search for characters by their Unicode name. For Unicode fonts, the characters can be grouped by their Unicode subrange. Although the Unicode standard already extends character field to plane 16 and many codepoints of plane 1 are assigned with characters, this tool still only supports code points on plane 0 (between U+0000 and U+FFFF). Additionally, it does not display certain characters in that range for reasons unexplained._NEWLINE_With all versions of Windows the utility can be started by entering charmap in the Start / Run dialog box._NEWLINE_On Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 7, the utility is in All Programs → Accessories → System Tools → Character Map in the Start Menu. On Windows 10, the utility is in the Windows Accessories folder in the Start Menu. Beginning with Windows Vista, the user can also type the name of the utility in the Start Menu search box/Cortana._NEWLINE_The Windows NT series of operating systems from Workstation and Server 4.0 build 1381 and the Windows 9x-series from Windows 95 onwards also contain the character map, as do versions of Windows CE using a GUI based on these systems' explorer.exe, introduced with Windows 95.  Another version of the character map is found in the Progman.exe-based Windows 3.11 and Windows NT 3.51.
Other operating systems such as some Unix-Linux variants with GUIs, the HP-48 series graphing calculators and others also have a similar accessory._NEWLINE_The OS/2 analogue of the character map called the Characters Map is available from third parties for systems from OS/2 Warp 3 onwards to current eComStation versions.  There is also a Macintosh version.
At first glance, the worst-case model seems intuitively ideal. The guarantee that an algorithm will succeed no matter what is, of course, highly alluring. However, it demands too much. A real-life adversary cannot spend an indefinite amount of time examining a message in order to find the one error pattern which an algorithm would struggle with._NEWLINE_As a comparison, consider the Quicksort algorithm. In the worst-case scenario, Quicksort makes O(n²) comparisons; however, such an occurrence is rare. Quicksort almost invariably makes O(n log n) comparisons instead, and even outperforms other algorithms which can guarantee O(n log n) behavior. Let us suppose an adversary wishes to force the Quicksort algorithm to make O(n²) comparisons. Then he would have to search all of the n! permutations of the input string and test the algorithm on each until he found the one for which the algorithm runs significantly slower. But since this would take O(n!) time, it is clearly infeasible for an adversary to do this. Similarly, it is unreasonable to assume an adversary for an encoding and decoding system would be able to test every single error pattern in order to find the most effective one.
The stochastic noise model can be described as a kind of "dumb" noise model. That is to say that it does not have the adaptability to deal with "intelligent" threats. Even if the attacker is bounded it is still possible that they might be able to overcome the stochastic model with a bit of cleverness. The stochastic model has no real way to fight against this sort of attack and as such is unsuited to dealing with the kind of "intelligent" threats that would be preferable to have defenses against._NEWLINE_Therefore, a computationally bounded adversarial model has been proposed as a compromise between the two. This forces one to consider that messages may be perverted in conscious, even malicious ways, but without forcing an algorithm designer to worry about rare cases which likely will never occur.
The Conkeror browser can be customized in many ways using JavaScript as the scripting language, much in the way that Emacs uses Emacs Lisp. Customizations can be as simple as rebinding keys, but can be more involved; for instance, writing new interactive commands. By default, Conkeror looks for these customizations in ~/.conkerorrc. If ~/.conkerorrc/ is a directory instead of a file, then all the contained files will be read, which is a technique to enable modularization of bigger customizations._NEWLINE_Conkeror also ships with a number of loadable JavaScript modules, some of which provide core functionality; others are user-loadable and provide additional functionality._NEWLINE_Conkeror has modes in which the key bindings, page display or browser behaviour become uri-specific. Some modes, like xkcd-mode, come by default. In xkcd-mode, the message which is normally displayed when the user mouses over the comic strip is instead displayed in a special font below the strip. Other modes include those for Google Maps, Reddit and YouTube, and modes can be user-defined as well.
CryptoLogic was founded by brothers Andrew Rivkin and  Mark Rivkin in 1995 from the basement of their parents' house. The brothers wanted to find a real life application for a secure online financial transaction system which they had developed._NEWLINE_Through a subsidiary company called WagerLogic, the company handles the licensing of its gaming software, support services and payment processing, ECash._NEWLINE_The company launched their first licensee, InterCasino, in 1996. Since that launch the company has made deals for several other online casino and online poker rooms, including one with William Hill plc, a leading bookmaker in the UK and the first land based operator to go online with a casino. A deal with Littlewoods Gaming led to the gaming software being certified in the Isle of Man in 2002 and Ritz Club certified by the Alderney Gambling Control Commission in 2004._NEWLINE_In January 2004, CryptoLogic Ltd. announced the licensing agreement with Betfair for the launch of an exclusive online poker game._NEWLINE_In addition to the casino and poker products, CryptoLogic also now offers online bingo software. Their casino games can be played in a downloadable and a Java based software version._NEWLINE_CryptoLogic listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (CRY) in 1998 and on the NASDAQ (CRYP) in 2000. In 2003 the company began trading on the London Stock Exchange (CRP) before achieving gaming software certification in Alderney._NEWLINE_Under Lewis Rose's leadership as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  from  2002 - 2007, CryptoLogic's market capitalization grew from $90 million to over $400 million._NEWLINE_The Playboy brand launched casino and poker products on Playboygaming.com using CryptoLogic software in early 2007._NEWLINE_World Poker Tour Enterprises (WPTE) also joined the CryptoLogic network in 2007, offering both casino and poker products.
Daniel O'Carroll (or O'Caroll) (died 4 November 1750) was a British Army officer who used the style of a baronet._NEWLINE_He was the son of John O'Carroll (died 12 August 1733) of Beaugh, County Galway, by his second wife Margaret Crean. Margaret Crean was the daughter of Andrew O'Crean (or Crean) of Coursfield, County Mayo, and of County Sligo, and his wife Margaret, daughter of Baron Athenry._NEWLINE_He was a captain in Henry Crofton's regiment, which fought on the Spanish side in the War of the Spanish Succession, against Britain and its allies. However, according to a pedigree published in the appendices of the 1723 edition of Geoffrey Keating's The General History of Ireland, he was "created by the King of Spain a knight of the most military Order of St. Jago, for singular services done to that crown in the time of war, [but] he left the said service of Spain in a disgust, and afterwards had by a patent from Queen Anne, the rank of knighthood."_NEWLINE_"At the instance of the Duke of Ormond" he was appointed lieutenant-colonel of a "regiment of horse" on 1 March 1709, and colonel on 2 December 1710. The regiment was disbanded on 22 December 1711, and shortly thereafter he assumed the style of a baronet, although there is no patent or other record of such a creation in either Great Britain or Ireland. His obituaries in The Gentleman's Magazine and The London Magazine both describe his baronetcy as one in the Baronetage of Great Britain rather than the Baronetage of Ireland, as do baronetage compilers William Betham and Robert Beatson, who both describe him as "of Denton, Yorkshire"._NEWLINE_He was promoted to brigadier-general on 29 October 1735, major-general on 2 July 1739, and lieutenant-general on 18 February 1742. He married in or before 1712, Elizabeth Jervoise, eldest daughter of Thomas Jervoise of Herriard, Hampshire, by his first wife Elizabeth, daughter of Sir Gilbert Clarke of Somersall Hall, Derbyshire. They had two sons, Daniel and John._NEWLINE_His wife died in London on 30 December 1728, and was buried on 6 January 1729 at St Martin-in-the-Fields. He was buried in the same vault on 12 November 1750, and the administration of his estate, which was under £200 in value, was granted to his son "Sir Daniel O'Carroll, Baronet", on 20 November 1750._NEWLINE_The eldest son, Daniel, was probably born about 1717. He was appointed as a captain in Ligonier's Horse in May 1752, and died without male issue on 30 January 1758 in the Dublin marshalsea. The style of baronet was then adopted by his younger brother John, who lived at York and Bath, Somerset. John O'Carroll was born on 14 February 1722 and was baptised at St Martin-in-the-Fields on 25 February 1722. He was alive on 10 June 1777 for the marriage of his son and niece, John and Elizabeth, the daughter of the second baronet, but the date of his death is unknown. The younger John was British Resident at Saxe-Weimar; he died at Frankfurt on 13 January 1818. The title of baronet was adopted successively by his two sons: Jervoise and John. Jervoise O'Carroll died at Hamburg in 1831 and John at Hildesheim on 2 June 1835. Neither is known to have been married or to have had any issue, and the baronetcy is presumed to be extinct or dormant.
Dimov obtained master's degree in cybernetics engineering from the Technical University, Sofia in 1973 and then got his extra qualification in applied mathematics and Ph.D. in informatics in 1974 and 1979 respectively at the same place. From 1979 to 1982 to 1982 he worked for the Central Development Institute for Computer Science in Sofia, Bulgaria. Since 1982 he works in the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences where he specialized in computer graphics and databases (1982-1989), informatics and ecological engineering (1989-1994) image and pattern recognition (since 1994-present)._NEWLINE_In 1991 he was elected as an associate professor of informatics and since that year is an employee of the Institute of Information and Communication Technologies of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. Since 1995, besides his service at IICT, he works as a vising lecturer at Sofia University during spring time and at New Bulgarian University during fall semesters. Since 1994 he is a member of the Bulgarian Association of Pattern Recognition and since 2000 is a member of the editorial board of Cybernetics & Information Technologies. In 1997 he became a Bulgarian representative at the South East European Transport Research Forum. Dr. Dimov is fluent in Bulgarian, English and Russian in which languages he had written over a 100 publications and lead over 20 successful projects are in the areas of image, speech and signal processing, pattern recognition, content-based image retrieval, multimedia databases, medical imaging, computer graphics, data mining and information retrieval systems.
It is recognized that disks are an inherently unreliable component of computer systems. Mirroring is a technique to allow a system to automatically maintain multiple copies, or a dual backup (meaning that the data is redundant on all hard drives that exist in the mirror) of data so that in the event of a disk hardware failure a system can continue to process or quickly recover data. Mirroring may be done locally where it is specifically to cater for disk unreliability, or it may be done remotely where it forms part of a more sophisticated disaster recovery scheme, or it may be done both locally and remotely, especially for high availability systems. Normally data is mirrored onto physically identical drives, though the process can be applied to logical drives where the underlying physical format is hidden from the mirroring process._NEWLINE_Typically, mirroring is provided in either hardware solutions such as disk arrays, or in software within the operating system (such as Linux mdadm and device mapper).  Additionally, file systems like Btrfs or ZFS provide integrated data mirroring.  There are additional benefits from Btrfs and ZFS, which maintain both data and metadata integrity checksums, making themselves capable of detecting bad copies of blocks, and using mirrored data to pull up data from correct blocks._NEWLINE_There are several scenarios for what happens when a disk fails. In a hot swap system, in the event of a disk failure, the system itself typically diagnoses a disk failure and signals a failure. Sophisticated systems may automatically activate a hot standby disk and use the remaining active disk to copy live data onto this disk. Alternatively, a new disk is installed and the data is copied to it. In less sophisticated systems, the system is operated on the remaining disk until a spare disk can be installed._NEWLINE_The copying of data from one side of a mirror pair to another is called rebuilding or, less commonly, resilvering._NEWLINE_Mirroring can be performed site to site either by rapid data links, for example fibre optic links, which over distances of 500 m or so can maintain adequate performance to support real-time mirroring. Longer distances or slower links maintain mirrors using an asynchronous copying system. For remote disaster recovery systems, this mirroring may not be done by integrated systems but simply by additional applications on master and slave machines.
From the results of a DNS lookup, a security-aware DNS resolver can determine whether the authoritative name server for the domain being queried supports DNSSEC, whether the answer it receives is secure, and whether there is some sort of error. The lookup procedure is different for recursive name servers such as those of many ISPs, and for stub resolvers such as those included by default in mainstream operating systems. Microsoft Windows uses a stub resolver, and Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows 7 in particular use a non-validating but DNSSEC-aware stub resolver.
To be able to prove that a DNS answer is correct, one needs to know at least one key or DS record that is correct from sources other than the DNS.  These starting points are known as trust anchors and are typically obtained with the operating system or via some other trusted source.  When DNSSEC was originally designed, it was thought that the only trust anchor that would be needed was for the DNS root. The root anchors were first published on 15 July 2010._NEWLINE_An authentication chain is a series of linked DS and DNSKEY records, starting with a trust anchor to the authoritative name server for the domain in question.  Without a complete authentication chain, an answer to a DNS lookup cannot be securely authenticated.
DNSSEC involves many different keys, stored both in DNSKEY records, and from other sources to form trust anchors._NEWLINE_In order to allow for replacement keys, a key rollover scheme is required.  Typically, this involves first rolling out new keys in new DNSKEY records, in addition to the existing old keys.  Then, when it is safe to assume that the time to live values have caused the caching of old keys to have passed, these new keys can be used.  Finally, when it is safe to assume that the caching of records using the old keys have expired, the old DNSKEY records can be deleted.   This process is more complicated for things such as the keys to trust anchors, such as at the root, which may require an update of the operating system._NEWLINE_Keys in DNSKEY records can be used for two different things and typically different DNSKEY records are used for each.  First, there are key signing keys (KSK) which are used to sign other DNSKEY records.  Second, there are zone signing keys (ZSK) which are used to sign other records.  Since the ZSKs are under complete control and use by one particular DNS zone, they can be switched more easily and more often.  As a result, ZSKs can be much shorter than KSKs and still offer the same level of protection while reducing the size of the RRSIG/DNSKEY records._NEWLINE_When a new KSK is created, the DS record must be transferred to the parent zone and published there.  The DS records use a message digest of the KSK instead of the complete key in order to keep the size of the records small.  This is helpful for zones such as the .com domain, which are very large.  The procedure to update DS keys in the parent zone is also simpler than earlier DNSSEC versions that required DNSKEY records to be in the parent zone.
On January 25, 2010, the L (ell) root server began serving a Deliberately Unvalidatable Root Zone (DURZ). The zone uses signatures of a SHA-2 (SHA-256) hash created using the RSA algorithm, as defined in RFC 5702. As of May 2010, all thirteen root servers have begun serving the DURZ.  On July 15, 2010, the first root full production DNSSEC root zone was signed, with the SOA serial 2010071501.   Root trust anchors are available from IANA.
To use an optical medium such as a CD-R, CD-RW, DVD±R or DVD±RW just like a floppy drive it is necessary to utilize a technique called packet writing. After formatting the optical media it is then possible to write data in small packets, hence the name “packet writing.” The optical drive unit has to support the ability to write in small units, which all modern CD and DVD recording drives do. This way it is possible to save files onto optical media, as well as change, rename or delete them, or copy files separately onto the media._NEWLINE_Without packet writing, optical media like the above-mentioned would have to be written on in one big block, like Disc At Once (DAO), Session At Once (SAO) and Track At Once (TAO), because these media types normally do not support sectors. After formatting with packet writing the medium is sectored in blocks that can be written to individually. The preferred file system is the Universal Disk Format (UDF) in versions from 1.50 onward, which is also used by DLA._NEWLINE_Packet writing is not required for writing DVD-RAM. DVD-RAM media are already sectored (which can be seen when looking at the surface of an empty DVD-RAM disc) and the hardware logic of DVD-RAM capable drives supports sectored read/write operations as required by the DVD-RAM standard. However, for Windows up to 2000, DLA will also add support for DVD-RAM together with the UDF file system, for Windows XP DLA will only add the UDF support._NEWLINE_DLA also supports the Mount Rainier standard with MRW capable drives. For Windows up to XP DLA will provide this functionality as well as the UDF support._NEWLINE_Windows XP is the first Windows operating system to support DVD-RAM. Windows Vista is the first Windows operating system to support full UDF functionality (UDF up to version 2.50, full support meaning read and write operations) and Mount Rainier.
The Elizabeth Learning Center Information Technology Academy is a career oriented small learning community which uniquely prepares all students for success in college, university, career, and life._NEWLINE_Students in the Tech Academy perform Community Service Projects in the 10th, 11th and 12th Grade. Students acquire a Tech Certificate by successfully completing three tech classes including Exploring Computer Science, Web Design, Game Programming, Robotics, and Virtual Business._NEWLINE_In addition to required Academic classes, students earn certificates and badges in JavaScript, HTML and CSS through CodeCademy. Students also learn animation, video editing and entrepreneurial skills as part of their computer science and business curricula.
Krebs's private library of over 3,500 volumes and writings in approximately 120 languages is stored in the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. From the compilation and the range of literature written in the respective national languages and a language list personally written by him, it can be inferred that Krebs had mastered all the languages of today's European Union, as well as other languages such as "Egyptian" (possibly Coptic), Ainu, Albanian, Arabic, Armenian, Burmese, Chinese, Georgian, Hebrew, Japanese, Javanese, Korean, Latin, Manchu, Mongolian, Nivkh, Persian, Russian, Sanskrit, "Syrian" (perhaps Aramaic), Tibetan, Turkish, and Urdu._NEWLINE_His writings and books of language studies prove that he learned foreign languages not only through his native German, but also through previously mastered foreign languages. For example, through English he learned "Afghan" (Pashto or Dari), Burmese, Gujarati, Hindi, Irish, Sinhalese, and Portuguese, via Russian he learned Buryat, Finnish, Tatar, and Ukrainian; he learned Basque exclusively through Spanish, at the same time as he dealt with its dialects Guipuzcoa, Bizcaya, Laburdi, and Zuberoan. As "second languages," beside German, Krebs predominantly used English, French, Russian, Chinese, Greek, Italian, Turkish, Latin, Spanish, and Arabic for learning and improving his knowledge of a new language. He is known to have passed government tests in Chinese, Turkish, Japanese, and Finnish, and may have passed tests in other languages. The New Testament, in 61 different languages, also aided his study.
The Faculty of Moscow State Forest University (FEST) (Russian: Факультет электроники и системотехники) is a faculty of Moscow State Forest University that specializes in computer science. It was founded in 1959 by initiative of academician Sergey Pavlovich Korolev. The faculty trains specialists that can work in any sphere where computers, information and computational systems, networks and PCs, databases and databanks, expert systems, project and economy management, various electronics, office appliances and other facilities are applied. Specialist options are Applied Mathematics, Management, Automation and Direction, Instrument-making, Computer Sciences, System Analysis and Direction, Standardization and Certification.
In mathematics, factorization (or factorisation, see English spelling differences) or factoring consists of writing a number or another mathematical object as a product of several factors, usually smaller or simpler objects of the same kind. For example, 3 × 5 is a factorization of the integer 15, and (x – 2)(x + 2) is a factorization of the polynomial x² – 4._NEWLINE_Factorization is not usually considered meaningful within number systems possessing division, such as the real or complex numbers, since any  can be trivially written as  whenever  is not zero. However, a meaningful factorization for a rational number or a rational function can be obtained by writing it in lowest terms and separately factoring its numerator and denominator. _NEWLINE_Factorization was first considered by ancient Greek mathematicians in the case of integers. They proved the fundamental theorem of arithmetic, which asserts that every positive integer may be factored into a product of prime numbers, which cannot be further factored into integers greater than 1. Moreover, this factorization is unique up to the order of the factors. Although integer factorization is a sort of inverse to multiplication, it is much more difficult algorithmically, a fact which is exploited in the RSA cryptosystem to implement public-key cryptography._NEWLINE_Polynomial factorization has also been studied for centuries. In elementary algebra, factoring a polynomial reduces the problem of finding its roots to finding the roots of the factors. Polynomials with coefficients in the integers or in a field possess the unique factorization property, a version of the fundamental theorem of arithmetic with prime numbers replaced by irreducible polynomials. In particular, a univariate polynomial with complex coefficients admits a unique (up to ordering) factorization into linear polynomials: this is a version of the fundamental theorem of algebra. In this case, the factorization can be done with root-finding algorithms. The case of polynomials with integer coefficients is fundamental for computer algebra. There are efficient computer algorithms for computing (complete) factorizations within the ring of polynomials with rational number coefficients (see factorization of polynomials)._NEWLINE_A commutative ring possessing the unique factorization property is called a unique factorization domain. There are number systems, such as certain rings of algebraic integers, which are not unique factorization domains. However, rings of algebraic integers satisfy the weaker property of Dedekind domains: ideals factor uniquely into prime ideals._NEWLINE_Factorization may also refer to more general decompositions of a mathematical object into the product of smaller or simpler objects. For example, every function may be factored into the composition of a surjective function with an injective function. Matrices possess many kinds of matrix factorizations. For example, every matrix has a unique LUP factorization as a product of a lower triangular matrix L with all diagonal entries equal to one, an upper triangular matrix U, and a permutation matrix P; this is a matrix formulation of Gaussian elimination.
The integers and the polynomials over a field share the property of unique factorization, that is, every nonzero element may be factored into a product of an invertible element (a unit, ±1 in the case of integers) and a product of irreducible elements (prime numbers, in the case of integers), and this factorization is unique up to rearranging the factors and shifting units among the factors. Integral domains which share this property are called unique factorization domains (UFD)._NEWLINE_Greatest common divisors exist in UFDs, and conversely, every integral domain in which greatest common divisors exist is an UFD. Every principal ideal domain is an UFD._NEWLINE_A Euclidean domain is a integral domain on which is defined a Euclidean division similar to that of integers. Every Euclidean domain is a principal ideal domain, and thus a UFD. _NEWLINE_In a Euclidean domain, Euclidean division allows defining a Euclidean algorithm for computing greatest common divisors. However this does not imply the existence of a factorization algorithm. There is an explicit example of a field F such that there cannot exist any factorization algorithm in the Euclidean domain F[x] of the univariate polynomials over F.
Fleksy’s auto-correct algorithm functions by combining analysis of user typing patterns and linguistic context. Analysis of tap locations (rather than letters selected) affords it the ability to remain tolerant of drifting errors and allows the user to type on an invisible keyboard or even off the keyboard in some instances. As a result, Fleksy has been embraced by the visually-impaired community. Most notably, the software has been considered for the "Story of the Year" of the Technology Year in Review for 2012 by the American Foundation for the Blind._NEWLINE_There is evidence that the software could potentially allow sighted people to blind-type on a touchscreen. Quentin Stafford-Fraser said on his website: "I found I could type whole sentences immediately, without looking at the keyboard"._NEWLINE_Fleksy not only offers next word predictions, as found in competitors such as Gboard, SwiftKey and other keyboards, but also offers Fleksynext Smart Assistant, which is unique in the keyboard space._NEWLINE_For the first time ever, emojis are suggested contextually._NEWLINE_Fleksy also utilizes a gesture-based interface that can be used for some common functions, such as deleting a word, space, backspace, and choosing a word correction.
The text of Flora License Version 1.0 is similar to Apache License 2.0 without Apache's general patent license, having a patent license only for the "Tizen Certified Platform"._NEWLINE_Some of the differences include changed text in the Definitions, Grant of Patent License, and Redistribution sections. Paragraph 4 regarding the redistribution is comparable to standard BSD licenses:_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof pursuant to the copyright license above, in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_  1. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_  2. You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_  3. You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works;_NEWLINE_Webinos wrote in its Open Governance white paper, October 2012 that “there are no formal limitations with regard to obtaining the source code and creating derivatives thereof”._NEWLINE_It only grants patents to Tizen Certified Platforms that pass the Tizen Association's compatibility test. Therefore, it is likely not compatible with requirements of the Open Source Initiative.
It is believed that the Fort Canning Hill area was once the centre of ancient Singapura that thrived in the 14th century, and was occupied by a palace with various buildings of political, religious and commercial significance. In around 1330, the Chinese traveller Wang Dayuan visited the island of Singapore he named as Danmaxi (Temasek). Wang described in his work Daoyi Zhilüe the two distinct settlements of Temasek: Long Ya Men and Ban Zu.  Ban Zu, located on a hill behind Long Ya Men, is thought to be today's Fort Canning Hill.  In contrast to the inhabitants of Long Ya Men who were described as being prone to acts of piracy, the people of Ban Zu were described as honest. The people were said to "wear their hair short, with turban of gold-brocaded satin", and they also wore red-coloured cloths and had a leader. Evidence of the significance of Fort Canning Hill had been found; in 1928, a cache  of Javanese-style gold ornaments dating to the mid-14th century were discovered while workers were excavating for the Fort Canning Reservoir. A series of archaeological digs that began in 1984 have uncovered evidence of workshops for glass and gold that dated to the 14th century, and a ceremonial or religious area near the summit._NEWLINE_Historical sources also indicate that around the end of the 14th century, Singapura was attacked by either the Majapahit or the Siamese, forcing its ruler Parameswara to move on to Melaka where he founded the Sultanate of Malacca. Archaeological evidence suggests that the settlement on Fort Canning was abandoned around this time, although a small trading settlement continued in Singapore for some time afterwards. Ruins of the settlement on Fort Canning Hill were still visible in the early 19th century and described by the Resident John Crawfurd who also found indication of ruins of an ancient orchard, shards of pottery and Chinese coins, the earliest of which dating to 10th century Song Dynasty.  Crawfurd described the ruins of a square terrace of 40 feet (12 m) square that may have been a temple near the top of the hill, with another terrace almost as big on the northern slope of the hill said to the tombs of a Malay king, Iskandar Shah, although there is no evidence of a burial there._NEWLINE_Ban Zu is likely a transcription of the Malay word pancur meaning a spring or stream.  A spring used to exist on the west side of the hill, called pancur larangan or "forbidden spring", where the women of the ruler's household were said to bathe in ancient times.  In the early period of the 19th century Singapore, the stream was used to provide clean drinking water for all ships stopping at the port until the demand exceeded the capacity, and the spring dried up as wells were dug around the hill.
Construction of the Fort Canning Service Reservoir started in 1927 and finished in 1929. It was built on top the hill on the site of a former barrack and parade ground of the demolished fort.  Excavation for the reservoir in 1928 found a cache of Javanese-style gold jewelry dating to the mid-14th century. The reservoir is covered and access is restricted.
Gagik Tsarukyan's wife is Javahir Tsarukyan. They have 6 children._NEWLINE_Roza, Gayane and Emma Tsarukyans have graduated from Anania Shirakatsy Lyceum with honors. Roza and Emma are studying at Yerevan State Medical University. Gayane Tsarukyan has graduated from Yerevan State University Faculty of Law with honors._NEWLINE_Anahit and Nver are studying at Anania Shirakatsy Lyceum._NEWLINE_Hovhannes, the youngest member of the family, will go to school next year.
Poole's London debut for The King's Singers, Wymondham Chants, was an immediate hit in March 1971 and has since been toured to almost every country and widely distributed by recordings. Demonstrating the composer's early assuredness with the English Choral Tradition (enriched by his study of medieval music and the ethos of Benjamin Britten at the University of East Anglia), it led to requests for similar works. However Poole had, by then, undertaken studies with Alexander Goehr and Jonathan Harvey whose modernist influences were handled with increasing assuredness in the instrumental works of the 1970s, notably the Clements Prize-winning piano trio Algol Of Perseus (1973). His first orchestral work, Visions for Orchestra (1974-5) - was considered by Paul Griffiths as "strikingly true to its age ... so individual a work that it held its own alongside Delius's Brigg Fair and even the Walton (Belshazzar's Feast)"._NEWLINE_In 1976, Poole was appointed to the Music Faculty of The University of Manchester, which was to be his base for the remainder of the century. By 1978, with Harmonice Mundi, inspired by the birth of his first daughter, we encounter a break away from 'modern music' in its long lines and luminous, transparent sonority. This would become something of a hallmark in later works, for example the BBC-commissioned Chamber Concerto, the second string quartet, because it'Spring, Kakemono for harps, Firefinch for oboe and piano, and the I Ching piano pieces. However it seems that this spacious clarity was already presaged in teenage compositions such the Sextet for piano and strings._NEWLINE_Of because it'Spring (1984, setting e.e.cummings poems for the 16-voice BBC Northern Singers) it has been said "Music of such imaginative poise and wit, so constantly surprising yet so constantly right, is rare indeed". The review also refers to Poole's "engagingly zig-zag path", a point developed in his New Grove Dictionary entry (2001): "To call Poole eclectic is an understatement; he is a classic blend of academic, maverick, craftsman, idealist and dissident."_NEWLINE_Dissidence is certainly felt in the defiant mood of Ten (a response to the English summer of discontent in 1981), the Five Brecht Songs (1983) and a dystopian millennial black comedy of Lucifer (2000-1). His venture into composer-scripted music-theatre, Biggs V Stompp Does It Again (1982) combines characteristic political, emotional, and mystical concerns by personifying them. Stompp, the want-it-now tycoon, rants and has no music in him; Carey's full heart is conveyed by tonal lyricism, and the Greek waiter (actually Tyreseus the blind seer) resonates with spiritual authority. At the same time, Poole's irritation with political aggression, mechanised lifestyles, and the cramped ethos of the 'New Music Scene' in the early 1980s was a spur to not only absorb foreign elements (such as polyrhythmic drumming from West Africa, and inflected melody from Asian musics) but also to travel further afield to learn about them. A two-year residence at Kenyatta University in Nairobi 1985-87 was to prove seminal._NEWLINE_Around 1990, at the age of 40, a process of simplification and regeneration was complete and the ensuing decade was soon to prove a productive and influential one starting powerfully with the African vitality and hypnotic shimmering of String Quartet No.2 (commissioned by The Lindsays) and the glorious sea voyage score for the RNCM wind band, Sailing With Archangels. By 1993 increasing recognition brought a prestigious and well-attended portrait concert at the ICA, London, 'MusICA' curated by Adrian Jack. This was built around Poole's new half-hour concerto Two-Way Talking, for Ghanean drummer Kwesi Asare and chamber orchestra (Gemini) conducted by the composer. A fresh commission for the event was Septembral, initially overshadowed but later recognised as a primary work in the Poole canon. The early nineties also spawned the hour-long 'secular oratorio' Blackbird. Against the genre background of works like Elgar's Dream Of Gerontius and Britten's War Requiem he asserts the independence of "an obsessive, if undogmatic, experimenter ... [who] eschews notions of stylistic consistency in pursuit of solutions to specific ideas", for example in the careful design of a large canvas of seemingly unrelated stylistic references. Poole rejects the inference of 'eclecticism' if this means aping ready-made formuli: he sees the disjunctions as crucial - a set of koans, inviting the listener to sense subtler causes beneath the illusion of surfaces. It is thus not only in the vivid presence of music in flow, but in the silences, the discontinuities, and the timing of unnerving half-memories that his art reveals itself, bound together by voice rather than style. Blackbird received a five-minute ovation._NEWLINE_Having worked as a computer programmer while freelancing in Oxford in 1971-73, he was in a strong position to invent and write a computer programme which enables a 3-D representation of numerous musical notes (mapped in terms of x=time, y=pitch, z=intensity) to be viewed from a shifted vantage point as though walking around apples on a great tree, or flying over it. Developed in order to manage textural control of an image of the departed soul travelling past galaxies at the climax of Blackbird, Stellation has subtly joined African and Asian musical experiences among the compositional vocabularies available to Poole's later work. The highly acclaimed Crossing Ohashi Bridge (named after Hiroshige's print Sudden Shower over Shin-Ōhashi bridge and Atake)_NEWLINE_and Qigong, both commissioned for Manchester's virtuoso Goldberg Ensemble (11 strings), are illustrative of this._NEWLINE_In February 2004, the BBC salvaged a radically original concept first commissioned by the Halle Orchestra for the ISCM Festival in 1998, but cancelled at that time because of the orchestra's financial woes. Bringing together a full Javanese Gamelan and a 20-piece Western Orchestra, Swans Reflecting Elephants (reflecting Dali) is an extreme example of what had been said about the Drumming Concerto Two Way Talking: "Poole's way lies in finding common cause in the unfamiliar ... done with a skill and originality that reinforced the point. At times breathtaking in its synthesis and all done quite un-touristico." In the event, an entire BBC Music Diversity Week was built around the concept and entitled: Swans Reflecting Elephants._NEWLINE_In recent years as audiences have become more pluralistic, critical views have shifted from Poole's zig-zag path to the consistency of personality and the characteristic precision of musical hearing and imagination. " From the start, Poole has sought a sound-world authentic to living here and now - not an easy task in an era where stylistic solutions are often shallow and passing." Revived earlier works are acclaimed for their resilience and freshness, and his back catalogue has increasing availability on CD (25 works to date) and through major publishers (Edition Peters, Maecenas). Tempo magazine's tribute to Poole at 60 identifies the 40-minute BBC Singers commissioned homage to Berio, The Colour Of My Song as the "single work that stands out as a faithful assemblage of Poole's entire compositional ethos". Composed in 2006 and in many ways building on Blackbird, this is in effect a 'vocality concerto' for 8 solo voices against an orchestra of 16 voices, harp and percussion. The Colour Of My Song deploys "a wide range of voices (from throaty and nasal aggressiveness to sporadic delicacies, and from 13th century Vietnamese song to Tudor part-song), diverse texts and musical eras are bound together through one image alone: wood. It burns, builds, binds, carries, decays, germinates and floats. Symbolically, wood is fire, life, growth, support, cross (the crucifixion), fence (protection and ownership)."_NEWLINE_This free-association web of elemental musical symbolism and the feel for history connects The Colour Of My Song to the mysterious Avebury portrait in the mixed sextet Carved In Stone. Both relate to a series of piano miniatures begun in 2001, designed to match each of the 64 gua of the I Ching (hexagrams of The Chinese Book Of Changes). These miniatures have been premiered in sets such as The Book Of Stillness (received in London as "music of a strange and coherent beauty". The first 32 gua are now gathered into a published volume (Chinese Whispers), the first half of a vast compendium for curious pianists to roam in. Poole's Janus-faced preface is revealing: "Whereas John Cage famously used the I Ching for its random coin-tossing techniques to produce a very iconoclastic music, very 1950s, I sense a contemporary need for the renewal of endangered cultural traditions (Taoist and pianistic), moving forward by taking nourishment from the past."_NEWLINE_In June 2007 Poole lost his wife of thirty years, the composer Beth Wiseman, to breast cancer endured since 1993. His compositions from 2007 to 2010 were sporadic and taut: miniatures such as the Yeats settings After Long Silence, a beguiling duo for traditional Korean players Diary of a Cherry, and a controversial contribution to the NMC Songbook Heynonnynonny Smallprint. His command of dramatic form and arresting colour are fully recovered in the extended orchestral movement of 2011, Shumei, Shumei. However, retirement in 2009 from the position of Professor at Bristol University has opened the way for new activity, as producer of a CD of Wiseman's finely composed, intense yet reticent music (Birdsongs In Silence), and the revival of earlier skills as pianist. In 2012 he brought out a CD in which his string works are interspersed by his performances of piano pieces presented in tribute by twenty former composition students (Joyous Lake). Writing music to film, and commitment to concert activity (for example as duo partner to violinist Madeleine Mitchell and conductor of a Gloucestershire choir) may be among the factors bringing conciseness and simplicity to many of his more recent compositions. However this is also in keeping with a broader cultural tendency of the time.
The major recognition of his achievement came after Janashia’s death, when a patent application for an innovative method of MSF has been submitted via University of Maryland in 2009 and his papers appeared in respectable scientific journals. Namely the MSF became a decisive step in non-parametric estimations of Granger Causality, which is an important computational tool for neuroscientists in a study of the brain activity including epilepsy curing methods. The Janashia-Lagvilava-Ephremidze algorithm for MSF substituted existing Wilson’s MSF algorithm widely circulated in neuroscientist’s community. The method can also be used to factorize specific matrices (non-rational, singular, large scale, depending on a parameter) which was not possible before in spite of the long history of the problem. Other modern applications of the algorithm in Economics, Control Engineering and Wireless Communications are still under investigation.
There are 31 species of reptiles, 14 species of frogs and 31 species of mammals recorded in the park including echidnas, wallaby, kangaroos, possums and bats as well as exotics such as rabbits, cats, foxes, goats, sheep and dogs. Threatened species include carpet python (Morelia spilotes), Sloane's froglet (Crinia sloanei), koala (Phascolarctos cinereus), brush tailed rock wallaby (Petrogale pencicllata), grey-headed flying-fox (Pteropus poliocephalus), yellow-bellied sheathtail bat (Saccolaimus flaviventris), Corben's long eared bat (Nyetophilus corbeni and New Holland mouse (Pseudomys novaehollandiae) ( Goobang National Park plan of management
GCDSL was started with the primary aim of performing research in the fields of Swarm robotics, Multi-Robot Systems and Cooperative Robotics with applications to tasks such as cooperative transportation, robotic formations, cooperative search/rescue, and odor source localization. in MRL, several robotic platforms have been built in-house and used for real-world-experiments in order to validate algorithms related to some of the above research problems._NEWLINE_The group is dedicated towards creating intelligent systems that are able to autonomously operate in complex and diverse scenarios. They are interested in the mechatronic design and control of vehicles that efficiently adapt to different situations and perform in dynamic environments. This includes development of novel methods and tools for perception, mapping and path planning._NEWLINE_Over the years research has extended in the fields of Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM), Aerial Robotics and machine vision. Recently there's been an emphasis on computer vision and Machine learning for improving versatility and cognitive abilities of robotic platforms.
There are tasks that cannot be done by a single robot alone. A group of robots collaborating on a task has the potential of being highly efficient, flexible and robust. If one robot fails, another robot could take its position. We use vision to achieve robot localization and navigation without using external infrastructure. We aim to develop a platform-independent approach that utilizes deep neural networks (DNNs) to enhance classical controllers to achieve high-level task.
Learning can be used to improve the performance of a robotic system in a complex environment. However, providing safety guarantees during the learning process is one of the key challenges that prevents these algorithms from being applied to real world applications. This project explores advanced control and planning algorithms, and their applicability to robotics problems. To achieve reliable robot operations that satisfy given performance specifications, we apply nonlinear, robust, predictive and hybrid controls approaches and adaptive motion planning.
The glowworm swarm optimization (GSO) algorithm is an optimization technique developed for simultaneous capture of multiple optimums of multi-modal functions. The algorithm utilizes agents called glowworms which use a luminescent quantity called Luciferin to (indirectly) communicate the function-profile information at their current location to their neighbors. The glowworm depends on a variable local-decision domain, which is bounded above by a circular sensor range, to identify its neighbors and compute its movements. Each glowworm selects a neighbor that has a Luciferin value more than its own, using a probabilistic mechanism, and moves towards it. These movements that are based only on local information enable the swarm of glowworms to split into disjoint subgroups, exhibit simultaneous taxis-behavior towards, and rendezvous at multiple optimums (not necessarily equal) of a given multi-modal function. The algorithm was tested on a custom designed system of robots called Kinbots.
Histogramic intensity switching (HIS) is a vision-based obstacle avoidance algorithm developed in the lab. It makes use of histograms of images captured by a camera in real-time and does not make use of any distance measurements to achieve obstacle avoidance. An improved algorithm called the HIS-Dynamic mask allocation (HISDMA) has also been designed. The algorithms were tested on an in-house custom built robot called the VITAR.
A robotic platform consisting of four wheeled-mobile robots have been developed in the lab for multi-robot testing. They are similar in principle to Braitenberg Vehicles and use simple perception/interaction/actuation techniques to achieve individual vehicle complexity and produce effective group behavior through cooperation. These robots have been used to test out the GSO algorithm
VITAR (Vision based Tracked Autonomous Robot) consists of a tracked mobile robot equipped with a pan-tilt mounted vision sensor, an onboard PC, driver electronics, and a wireless link to a remote PC. It has been utilized to test vision based algorithms such as the HIS and the HIS-DMA.
The intersection algorithm is an agreement algorithm used to select sources for estimating accurate time from a number of noisy time sources, it forms part of the modern Network Time Protocol. It is a modified form of Marzullo's algorithm._NEWLINE_While Marzullo's algorithm will return the smallest interval consistent with the largest number of sources, the returned interval does not necessarily include the center point (calculated offset) of all the sources in the intersection. The intersection algorithm returns an interval that includes that returned by Marzullo's algorithm but may be larger since it will include the center points. This larger interval allows using additional statistical data to select a point within the interval, reducing the jitter in repeated execution.
The isochore theory became one of the most useful theories in molecular evolution for many years. It was the first and most comprehensive attempt to explain the long-range compositional heterogeneity of vertebrate genomes within an evolutionary framework. Despite the interest in the early years in the isochore model, in recent years, the theory’s methodology, terminology, and predictions have been challenged._NEWLINE_Because this theory was proposed in the 20th century before complete genomes were sequenced, it could not be fully tested for nearly 30 years. In the beginning of the 21st century, when the first genomes were made available it was clear that isochores do not exist in the human genome_NEWLINE_nor in other mammalian genomes. When failed to find isochores, many attacked the very existence of isochores. The most important predictor of isochores, GC3 was shown to have no predictable power  to the GC content of nearby genomicregions, refuting findings from over 30 years of research, which were the basis for many isochore studies. Isochore-originators replied that the term was misinterpreted  as isochores are not "homogeneous" but rather fairly homogeneous regions with a heterogeneous nature (especially) of GC-rich regions at the 5 kb scale, which only added to the already growing confusion. The reason for this ongoing frustration was the ambiguous definition of isochores as long and homogeneous, allowed some researchers to discover "isochores" and others to dismiss them, although both camps used the same data._NEWLINE_The unfortunate side effect of this controversy was an "arms race" in which isochores are frequently redefined and relabeled following conflicting findings that failed to reveal "mosaic of isochores."  The unfortunate outcomes of this controversy and the following terminological-methodological mud were the loss of interest in isochores by the scientific community. When the most important core-concept in isochoric literature, the thermodynamic stability hypothesis, was rejected, the theory lost its appeal. Even today, there is no clear definition to isochores nor is there an algorithm that detects isochores. Isochores are detected manually by visual inspection of GC content curves , however because this approach lacks scientific merit and is difficult to replicate by independent groups, the findings remain disputed.
As the study of isochores was de facto abandoned by most scientists, an alternative theory was proposed to describe the compositional organization of genomes in accordance with the most recent genomic studies. The Compositional Domain Model depicts genomes as a medley of short and long homogeneous and nonhomogeneous domains. The theory defines "compositional domains" as genomic regions with distinct GC-contents as determined by a computational segmentation algorithm. The homogeneity of compositional domains is compared to that of the chromosome on which they reside using the F-test, which separated them into compositionally homogeneous domains and compositionally nonhomogeneous domains based on the outcome of test. Compositionally homogeneous domains that are sufficiently long (≥ 300 kb) are termed isochores or isochoric domains. These terms are in accordance with the literature as they provide clear distinction between isochoric- and nonisochoric-domains._NEWLINE_A comprehensive study of the human genome unraveled a genomic organization where two-thirds of the genome is a mixture of many short compositionally homogeneous domains and relatively few long ones. The remaining portion of the genome is composed of nonhomogeneous domains. In terms of coverage, only 1% of the total number of compositionally homogeneous domains could be considered "isochores" which covered less than 20% of the genome._NEWLINE_Since its inception the theory received wide attention and was extensively used to explain findings emerging from over dozen new genome sequencing studies. yet many important questions remain open, such as which evolutionary forces shaped the structure of compositional domain and how do they differ between different species?
The temple is built in Dravidian architecture occupies around 1.5 acres (0.61 ha) and has two precincts. It is located in Tirumazhisai, a suburb in Tiruvallur, the capital of the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The temple has a rectangular plan surrounded by 10 ft (3.0 m) high walls, pierced by a five-tier gopuram, the gateway tower. The presiding deity housed in the sanctum, is an image made of granite seen in seated posture with his right leg bent and left leg left hanging. The images of Rukmini and Satyabhama are located on either of his sides. The shrine of Garuda facing Jagannatha Perumal, the eagle mount of Vishnu, is located axial to the central shrine. The central shrine is approached through Mahamandapa, the worship hall and a narrow Ardha mandapam. The Mahamandapa has a twenty eight pillared hall with sculptured pillars depicting Vaishnava mythology. The flagpost is located behind the shrine of Garuda, axial to the central shrine and the gateway tower. There are images of Azhwars in the worship hall on both sides and the shrine of Yathirajavalli is located in the second precinct. The vimana, the roof over the sanctum, has stucco images of Hayagriva, Lakshmi Narasimha and Garuda. The northern side of the Mahamandapa has the shrine of Thirumalisai Azhwar, which houses the image of the Azhwar in seated posture with his hands sported with praying gesture. The second precinct has the shrine of Thirumangaivalli Thayar. There are other shrines in the temple dedicated to Lakshmi Narasimha, Manavala Maamunigal and Andal. There is a four pillared hall in front of the gopuram having sculpted images in the pillars from the Vijayanagara period. There is a Kalayana Mandapa, Vahana Mandapa for housing the divine vehicles and a Paramapada vasal.
The temple follows Thenkalai tradition of worship based on Vaikasana Agamic tradition. The temple is open from 6:30 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. The temple priests perform the pooja (rituals) during festivals and on a daily basis. As at other Vishnu temples of Tamil Nadu, the priests belong to the Vaishnavaite community, a Brahmin sub-caste. The temple rituals are performed four times a day: Ushathkalam at 8 a.m., Kalasanthi at 10:00 a.m., Sayarakshai at 5:00 p.m. and Ardha Jamam at 8:00 p.m. Each ritual has three steps: alangaram (decoration), neivethanam (food offering) and deepa aradanai (waving of lamps) for both Jagannatha Perumal and his consort Thirumangaivalli. There are weekly, monthly and fortnightly rituals performed in the temple._NEWLINE_Various festivals are celebrated in the temple, with the Aani Brahmotsavam (during June - July), Aipasi Manavala Maamuni festival during October - November and Maasi float festival during February - March being the most prominent. During Aani Brahmotsavam, the temple car housing the festival deities of Jagannatha Perumal and Thirumanjavalli is drawn around the streets of Tirumazhisai. During the float festival in February–March, the presiding deities are drawn in a float in the temple tank. The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Endowment Board of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
The ancient Israelite calendar, whether Nisan-years or Tishri-years, was determined by the astronomical observation of the new moon and the agricultural observation of the growth of Abib (the spikes on the barley) in late winter and early spring. After the second (Roman) Diaspora, in order for the Jewish people away from the Land of Israel to be able to observe their spring and fall feasts in the same calendar, the Jewish Talmudic Calendar was formed, based on mathematical algorithms, and free from the required observations.
In 2001, Kashmere dropped out of Philadelphia University to begin his Japan Tours for Big Japan Pro Wrestling. In Japan, Kashmere was featured in multiple issues of Baseball Magazine's national wrestling publications and was a special guest on a nationally televised talk show. _NEWLINE_In July 2010, Kashmere hung up his boots following his last match at The Acid Fest and returned to college to pursue a computer science degree. Today Kashmere is graduating with two degrees and beginning his career in the IT field and working on his post grad degrees. He plans on running events in the future, once school is behind him._NEWLINE_Kashmere has appeared on WWE Monday Night Raw, MTV, WWE Sunday Night Heat, Japan's Samurai TV, TNA Pay-Per-View, and many Philadelphia area local news segments. _NEWLINE_Kashmere was nationally ranked in Pro Wrestling Magazine's Top 500 wrestlers in the world 9 out of 13 years that he competed in the ring.
Kevin C. Dittman (born ca. 1960) is an American computer scientist, IT consultant and Professor of Information Technology at the Purdue University, especially known for his textbook Systems analysis and design methods written with Lonnie D. Bentley and Jeffrey L. Whitten, which is in its 7th edition._NEWLINE_Dittman received his BS in Computer Science from Purdue University in 1981 and his MA in Management Information Systems from the Florida Institute of Technology. He started his career in industry as programmer and analyst at an engineering company in 1981. From 1982 to 1985 he was systems analyst at a machine industry company. In 1985 he started at Lockheed Martin, where from 1985 to 1995 he was systems engineer, and from 1995 to 2011 consultant in the fields of Information Technology, Systems Engineering, Quality management, Process Management, and Project Management. In 1995 Dittman was appointed Professor of Information Technology at the Purdue University.
After his high school graduation at Gymnasium Münchberg he studied at University of Karlsruhe where he received his diploma degree (M.Sc.) in Computer Science._NEWLINE_1982 he earned his Ph.D. at Universität Karlsruhe, Institute for Program Structures and Data Organization. He was heading the database department Research Center for Information Technologies at University of Karlsruhe from 1985 to 1989._NEWLINE_Since 1989 he has been a Professor of Computer Science at the University of Zurich and head of the Database Technology Research Group._NEWLINE_Klaus R. Dittrich took sabbatical leaves at Stanford University and Hewlett Packard Labs (1996), at Università degli Studi di Milano and at Boeing (2002). 1999 he was guest professor at Aalborg University.
The algorithm of Lamport timestamps is a simple algorithm used to determine the order of events in a distributed computer system. As different nodes or processes will typically not be perfectly synchronized, this algorithm is used to provide a partial ordering of events with minimal overhead, and conceptually provide a starting point for the more advanced vector clock method. They are named after their creator, Leslie Lamport._NEWLINE_Distributed algorithms such as resource synchronization often depend on some method of ordering events to function. For example, consider a system with two processes and a disk. The processes send messages to each other, and also send messages to the disk requesting access. The disk grants access in the order the messages were sent. For example process  sends a message to the disk requesting write access, and then sends a read instruction message to process . Process  receives the message, and as a result sends its own read request message to the disk. If there is a timing delay causing the disk to receive both messages at the same time, it can determine which message happened-before the other:  happens-before  if one can get from  to  by a sequence of moves of two types: moving forward while remaining in the same process, and following a message from its sending to its reception. A logical clock algorithm provides a mechanism to determine facts about the order of such events._NEWLINE_Lamport invented a simple mechanism by which the happened-before ordering can be captured numerically. A Lamport logical clock is an incrementing software counter maintained in each process._NEWLINE_Conceptually, this logical clock can be thought of as a clock that only has meaning in relation to messages moving between processes. When a process receives a message, it resynchronizes its logical clock with that sender. The abovementioned vector clock is a generalization of the idea into the context of an arbitrary number of parallel, independent processes.
Connectionism is an approach to artificial intelligence that often accepts a lot of the same theoretical framework that LOTH accepts, namely that mental states are computational and causally efficacious and very often that they are representational. However, connectionism stresses the possibility of thinking machines, most often realized as artificial neural networks, an inter-connectional set of nodes, and describes mental states as able to create memory by modifying the strength of these connections over time. Some popular types of neural networks are interpretations of units, and learning algorithm. "Units" can be interpreted as neurons or groups of neurons. A learning algorithm is such that, over time, a change in connection weight is possible, allowing networks to modify their connections. Connectionist neural networks are able to change over time via their activation.  An activation is a numerical value that represents any aspect of a unit that a neural network has at any time. Activation spreading is the spreading or taking over of other  over time of the activation to all other units connected to the activated unit._NEWLINE_Since connectionist models can change over time, supporters of connectionism claim that it can solve the problems that LOTH brings to classical AI. These problems are those that show that machines with a LOT syntactical framework very often are much better at solving problems and storing data than human minds, yet much worse at things that the human mind is quite adept at such as recognizing facial expressions and objects in photographs and understanding nuanced gestures. Fodor defends LOTH by arguing that a connectionist model is just some realization or implementation of the classical computational theory of mind and therein necessarily employs a symbol-manipulating LOT._NEWLINE_Fodor and Zenon Pylyshyn use the notion of cognitive architecture in their defense. Cognitive architecture is the set of basic functions of an organism with representational input and output. They argue that it is a law of nature that cognitive capacities are productive, systematic and inferentially coherent—they have the ability to produce and understand sentences of a certain structure if they can understand one sentence of that structure. A cognitive model must have a cognitive architecture that explains these laws and properties in some way that is compatible with the scientific method. Fodor and Pylyshyn say that cognitive architecture can only explain the property of systematicity by appealing to a system of representations and that connectionism either employs a cognitive architecture of representations or else does not. If it does, then connectionism uses LOT. If it does not then it is empirically false._NEWLINE_Connectionists have responded to Fodor and Pylyshyn by denying that connectionism uses LOT, by denying that cognition is essentially a function that uses representational input and output or denying that systematicity is a law of nature that rests on representation.
Lex Machina initially began in 2006 as a public interest project at Stanford University by Professor Mark Lemley and co-founders George Gregory and Joshua Walker. The project was developed within the university's law school and computer science department under the IP Litigation Clearinghouse (IPLC) project. Lex Machina was incorporated in 2008 and launched the following year. The name "Lex Machina" is a Latin phrase meaning "law machine" that Walker had used in a research paper he wrote in 2004. Walker was named the CEO of the company until venture capitalist Josh Becker took over in 2011. In 2015 the company was acquired by LexisNexis.
At the end of the 14th century, King John I of Castile granted the lordship of Liébana to his cousin Don Juan Téllez of Castile, Lord of Aguilar de Campoo and son of the Infante Don Tello of Castile. Towards the second half of the 15th century, the possession of the lordship of Liébana was the cause of one of the frequent peerage wars of that time, and subsequently of a long lawsuit between the heirs of Don Juan Téllez of Castile (the Marquises of Aguilar de Campoo) and the successors of the second marriage of his wife Doña Leonor de la Vega (the Dukes of Infantado). In 1576 the courts passed sentence in favor of the House of Infantado._NEWLINE_Saint Beatus of Liébana (c. 730 – c. 800) settled in the region, where he died. He was a monk, theologian and geographer, remembered as the compiler of the Commentary on the Apocalypse, written in 776, which contains one of the earliest Christian world-maps.
LSU athletes have gone on to recognition for their prominence in their respective sports. "Pistol" Pete Maravich played basketball for LSU and was three-time consensus first team All-American and 1970 National 'Player of the Year'. Shaquille O'Neal ("Shaq") also played basketball for LSU and received many honors, including being named twice as a first team Men's Basketball All-American and twice as the SEC Player Of The Year. Billy Cannon played Halfback for LSU and is the only LSU player to win the Heisman Trophy (in 1959). Cannon was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2009. JaMarcus Russell, Oakland Raiders quarterback number 1 draft pick of 2007. Professional golfer Johnny Pott, five-time winner on the PGA Tour, was a member of the 1955 NCAA winning golf team. Teammates Alex Bregman and Aaron Nola were both 2018 Major League Baseball All Stars._NEWLINE_LSU alumni have also been active on both the national and international stage in the fields of politics, academia, and the arts. Such notables include James Carville, who was the senior political adviser to Bill Clinton, and Donna Brazile, the campaign manager of the 2000 presidential campaign of Vice-President Al Gore. Hubert Humphrey, the 38th Vice President of the United States, earned a master's degree in political science before becoming the junior United States Senator from Minnesota. Randy Moffett, president of the University of Louisiana System (ULS) and formerly president of Southeastern Louisiana University received his Ed.D. from Louisiana State University in 1980. Academy Award-winning actress Joanne Woodward majored in drama during her enrollment at LSU. Author and screenwriter Nic Pizzolatto, creator of True Detective, graduated from LSU with a BA English & Philosophy. Another peculiar writer that graduated from LSU was Marcelo Ramos Motta, a noted author on the subject of Thelema. The rock band Better Than Ezra also are LSU graduates._NEWLINE_America's early Space Program benefited from the services of two LSU Graduates. NASA Engineer Maxime Faget was a Naval Reserve Officer and the NASA Engineer responsible for the design of the Mercury Capsule, Apollo Command Module, Capsule Escape Tower System, Mach Meter, and the STS Space Shuttle Orbiter Vehicle and System (STS=Space Transportation System). NASA Pioneer/Founder Walter C. Williams established what is now known as NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center, previously known as Muroc Army Station. Dr. Williams was directly involved with the Bell X-1 program, "Glamorous Glennis", research flights which led to the first manned flight exceeding the speed of sound in level flight. Dr. Williams was on the Aeronautical Board of NACA, and was responsible for hiring many of the "pioneers" of what has now become America's Space Program, NASA. Michael I. Jordan, Professor of Computer Science at UC Berkeley is also an LSU alumnus.
Apple CEO Steve Jobs first presented Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger in his keynote presentation at the WWDC on June 28, 2004, ten months before its commercial release in April 2005. Four months before that official release, several non-commercial, developer's releases of Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger leaked onto the internet via BitTorrent file sharers. It was first mentioned on Apple's website on May 4, 2004. Apple sued these file sharers. On April 12, 2005, Apple announced Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger's official, worldwide release would be April 29. All Apple Stores around the world held Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger seminars, presentations and demos._NEWLINE_On June 6, 2005 at the WWDC in San Francisco, Jobs reported that nearly two million copies had been sold in Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger's first six weeks of release, making Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger the most successful operating system release in Apple's history. Jobs then disclosed that Mac OS X had been engineered from its inception to work with Intel's  x86 line of processors in addition to the PowerPC, the CPU for which the operating system had always been publicly marketed. Apple concurrently announced its intent to release the first x86-based computers in June 2006, and to move the rest of its computers to x86 microprocessors by June 2007. On January 10, 2006, Apple presented its new iMac and MacBook Pro computers running on Intel Core Duo processors, and announced that the entire Apple product line would run on Intel processors by the end of 2006. Apple then released the Mac Pro and announced the new Xserve on August 8, completing the Intel transition in 210 days, roughly ten months ahead of the original schedule._NEWLINE_Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger is the first version of Mac OS X to be supplied on a DVD, although the DVD could originally be exchanged for CDs for $9.95. It is also the first (and so far only) version of Mac OS X that would eventually have an update version number ending with a value greater than 9, as the last version of Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger was 10.4.11.
In 1996, Johnson co-authored, (with Jeffrey Elman, Annette Karmiloff-Smith, Elizabeth Bates, Domenico Parisi, and Kim Plunkett), the book Rethinking Innateness_NEWLINE_, which examines neural network approaches to development. In the book, Elman et al. propose that genetic information might provide "constraints" on how a dynamic network responds to the environment during learning. For example, they suggest that a learning system can be seen as being subject to architectural constraints during development, an idea that gave birth to the neural network field of constructivist modelling. Rethinking Innateness has received more than 1,500 citations, and was nominated as one of the "One hundred most influential works in cognitive science from the 20th Century" (Minnesota Millennium Project)._NEWLINE_Johnson has gone on to develop an Interactive Specialization approach to development, that views cognitive brain development as a series of back-propagated interactions between genetics, brain, body and environment. This model of cognitive development emphasises that development is a stochastic, network-based, interactive process. As such, it echoes contemporary work in other areas of development, such as probabilistic epigenesis and gene regulatory networks._NEWLINE_In 2007, Johnson co-authored (with Denis Mareschal, Sylvain Sirois, Michael Spratling, Michael Thomas and Gert Westermann) Neuroconstructivism_NEWLINE_, which discusses the relationship between cognition, the brain and the environment. Specifically, they argue that "the brain acquires and develops multiple, fragmentary representations that are just sufficient for on-the-fly processing" and that these representations "serve to cause behaviours rather than to mirror the environment."  Volume 2 contains a variety of neural network models that investigate how these representations change during learning (including models from Randy O’Reilly, Matthew Schlesinger and Yuko Munakata)._NEWLINE_Johnson specialises in the development of the brain networks subserving social cognition. He is the author of more than 200 papers, and has written or edited seven books, most notably his textbook Developmental Cognitive Neuroscience He serves, with Denis Mareschal, as co-editor of the journal Developmental Science.
First week after its release, Metamorfoz sold 300.000 copies, and was in high position on charts (as of January 2008). Besides, he was awarded with a special appreciation from the Turkish Language Association (Türk Dil Kurumu), the president of the institute sent him a congratulation on his lyrics, appreciating how it cultivates the customs of the Turkish language, using several unique idioms and sayings, showing a great example to young people in preserving their mother tongue. Ecevit Kılıç, the columinst of Sabah newspaper called Tarkan the "Orhan Pamuk of music", who follows his own ways no matter what, just like the Nobel laurate writer. In the meantime, according to the daily Vatan, Metamorfoz "exploded like a bomb" on the music market, having sold 300.000 hard copies, while there were 49.000 Tarkan-related downloads from TTNetMüzik within a week, an internet site as the only one, where Tarkan's songs can legally be downloaded free of charge in MP3 format by subscribers of the internet service provider TTNet in Turkey._NEWLINE_The album has received mixed reviews from the Turkish media. Some journalists defended Tarkan saying that critics should be engaged in discussing his music rather than his dressing style, which characterized most of the publicism that appeared in connection with the release. Columnist Tuna Serim pointed out in one of her articles that there was a definite hunt for Tarkan news in the Turkish media, channels were ready to change their original schedules to feature Tarkan-related news, which are considered to be of primary importance. She also pointed out that the release of a music video is not given primary coverage in television news programmes in any country, while the release of "Vay Anam vay" was featured and discussed in the news programmes in Turkey. Cengiz Semercioğlu of Hürriyet thinks that there is an "anti-Tarkan lobby" in the domestic press, which might have resulted from the fact that the singer keeps a certain distance from the yellow press, so whatever he does, the press is going to tear into pieces with criticism. In other journalists and critics' opinion this is the worst album he has ever made, repeats himself and there is nothing original in it. There was one critic who refused to comment on the album or even to listen to it. Others do not otherstand what other critics find unacceptable in the album._NEWLINE_Tolga Akyıldız, a popular columnist for Hürriyet, made a comment on Metamorfoz only two months after the release, saying that he wanted to wait until such daily slanders fade away like the claim that Tarkan "stole" his image from an artist of the Erol Köse label. Akyıldız declared that he "cannot stomach it any more". According to him the album is good, the songs are good but it would be high time that Tarkan were braver:_NEWLINE_To be frank, at first Metamorfoz reminded me how good Tarkan is at songwriting. A large section of the songs that make up the album are good songs. The album's music producer, Ozan Çolakoğlu, is to world standards in my opinion. Can Şengün on guitar, he is a maestro. So where's the problem? The problem is in the sound. Possibly in the fact that he didn't give complete control of the arena of sound to Çolakoğlu, that Tarkan wasn't brave enough. When I first listened to "Vay Anam Vay", I thought the electronic, dance baseline was a step in the right direction. However, I realised after listening to the album as a whole that tarkan simply can't risk breaking away from himself. I don't see a need to mention the songs. Ultimately it's a Tarkan album, it has good songs, it will hold, sell, that's a different issue. [...] the real issue is that tarkan needs to overtake himself now. There's no need to be his own best impersonation, there's a lot of those impersonators about. Now it's time to break new ground, to risk losing his dominance and take a brave new step. We see the first seeds of this in Metamorfoz but Tarkan needs to be more resolved. If only to give the album's name its proper due..._NEWLINE_According to Hürriyet, the third most searched for words in the online dictionary of the Turkish Language Institute in January 2008 was "metamorfoz"._NEWLINE_The first of foreign radios to air Metamorfoz was the Persian Javan Radio in Washington, D.C., United States; because of demand from the audience.
Microsoft Security Essentials automatically checks and downloads the latest virus definitions from  Microsoft Update which is updated three times a day. Users may alternatively download the updates manually from the Microsoft Security Portal website. On September 30, 2011, a faulty definition update caused the product to incorrectly tag Google Chrome as malware. The issue was resolved within three hours. MSE originally ran on Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7, although versions 4.5 and later do not run on Windows XP and Microsoft stopped producing automatic definition updates for Windows XP on July 14, 2015 (however, manual definition updates are still available for Windows XP users who run older versions of MSE)._NEWLINE_MSE is built upon the same foundation as other Microsoft security products; they all use the same anti-malware engine known as Microsoft Malware Protection Engine (MSMPENG) and virus definitions. It does not have the personal firewall component of OneCare and the centralized management features of Forefront Endpoint Protection._NEWLINE_MSE provides real-time protection, constantly monitoring activities on the computer, scanning new files as they are created or downloaded from the Internet. It quarantines  detected threats and prompts for user input on how to deal with them. If no response is received within ten minutes, suspected threats are handled according to the default actions defined in the application's settings. Depending on those settings, it may also create System Restore checkpoints before removing the detected malware. As a part of real-time protection, MSE reports all suspicious behaviors of monitored programs to Microsoft Active Protection Service (MAPS, formerly Microsoft SpyNet) by default. If the report matches a newly discovered malware threat with an unreleased virus definition, the new definition will be downloaded to remove the threat._NEWLINE_Hardware requirements for the product depend on the operating system; on a computer running Windows Vista or Windows 7, it requires a 1 GHz processor, 1 GB of RAM, a computer monitor with a display resolution of at least 800 × 600 pixels, 200 MB of free hard disk space and a stable Internet connection.
The product's license agreement allows home users to download, install and use it on an unlimited number of computers in their households free of charge, as long as each computer has a legitimately licensed copy of Microsoft Windows. Since October 2010, small businesses have also been allowed to install the product on up to 10 devices, but use in academic institutions and governmental locations is forbidden, as is reverse-engineering, decompiling or disassembling the product or working around its designed limitations._NEWLINE_MSE requires no registration or personal information to be submitted during installation; however, the validity of the operating system's license is verified during and after installation using the Windows Genuine Advantage system. If said license is found to be invalid, the software will notify the user and will cease to operate after a period of time.
The public beta version received several reviews, citing its low resource usage, straightforward user interface and price point. Brian Krebs of The Washington Post reported that a quick scan on a Windows 7 computer took about 10 minutes and a full scan about 45 minutes. Ars Technica reviewed it positively, citing its organized interface, low resource usage, and its status as freeware._NEWLINE_Nick Mediati of PCWorld noted MSE's "clear-cut" and "cleanly designed" tabbed user interface. He did, however, find some of the settings to be cryptic and confusing, defaulting to "recommended action", with the only explanation of what that action is to be found in the help file. He was also initially confused because the user interface failed to mention that Microsoft Security Essentials automatically updates itself, rather than having to be manually updated via the Update tab; an explanation of this feature was included in the final release._NEWLINE_Neil Rubenking of PC Magazine successfully installed the beta version on 12 malware-infected systems and commented on its small installation package (about 7 MB, depending on the operating system) and speedy installation. But the initial virus definition update took between 5 and 15 minutes, and the full installation occupied about 110 MB of disk space. Rubenking noted that the beta version sets Windows Update into fully automatic mode, although it can be turned off again through Windows Control Panel. Some full scans took more than an hour on infected systems; a scan on a clean system took 35 minutes. An on-demand scan test Rubenking conducted in June 2009 with the beta version found 89 percent of all malware samples: 30 percent of the commercial keyloggers, 67 percent of rootkits, but only half of the scareware samples. The product's real-time protection found 83 percent of all malware and blocked the majority of it: 40 percent of the commercial keyloggers and 78 percent of the rootkits were found._NEWLINE_On 7 January 2010, Microsoft Security Essentials won the Best Free Software award from PC Advisor. In December the same year, it secured the Bronze award from AV-Comparatives for proactive detection of 55 percent of new or unknown malware, the Silver award for low false-positives (six occurrences) and the Bronze award for overall performance._NEWLINE_In October 2009, AV-TEST conducted a series of trials on the final build of the product in which it detected and caught 98.44 percent of 545,034 computer viruses, computer worms and software Trojan horses as well as 90.95 percent of 14,222 spyware and adware samples. It also detected and eliminated all 25 tested rootkits, generating no false-positives. Between June 2010 to January 2013, AV-TEST tested Microsoft Security Essentials 14 times; in 11 out of 14 cases, MSE secured AV-TEST certification of outperforming AV industry average ratings. Microsoft Security Essentials 2.0 was tested and certified on March 2011. The product achieved a protection score of 2.5 out of 6, a repair score of 3.5 out of 6 and a usability score of 5.5 out of 6. Report details show that although version 2.0 was able to find all malware samples of the WildList (widespread malware), it was not able to stop all Internet-based attacks because it lacks personal firewall and anti-spam capabilities. In an April 2012 test, version 2.1 achieved scores of 3.0, 5.5 and 5.0 for protection, repair and usability. Version 4.0 for Windows 7 SP1 (x64) was tested in June 2012 and achieved scores of 2.5, 5.5 and 5.5 for protection, repair and usability. In October 2012, the product lost its AV-TEST certification when Microsoft Security Essentials 4.1 achieved scores of 1.5, 3.5 and 5.5 for its protection, repair and usability._NEWLINE_In AV-TEST's 2011 annual review, Microsoft Security Essentials came last in protection, seventh in repair and fifth in usability. In the 2012 review, it came last in protection and best in usability; however, having lost its certificate, it was not qualified for the usability award. In June 2013, MSE achieved the lowest possible protection score, zero._NEWLINE_Microsoft has drastically improved MSE's detection over time and in the very latest tests done by AV-TEST during February 2018 MSE has achieved 100% detection of all malware samples in both the "Protection against 0-day malware attacks, inclusive of web and e-mail threats (Real-World Testing)" and "Detection of widespread and prevalent malware discovered in the last 4 weeks (the AV-TEST reference set)" categories, earning it AV-TESTS's "Top Product" award.
In mathematical logic, monadic second-order logic (MSO) is the fragment of second-order logic where the second-order quantification is limited to quantification over sets. It is particularly important in the logic of graphs, because of Courcelle's theorem, which provides algorithms for evaluating monadic second-order formulas over graphs of bounded treewidth._NEWLINE_Second-order logic allows quantification over predicates.  However, MSO is the fragment in which second-order quantification is limited to monadic predicates (predicates having a single argument).  This is often described as quantification over "sets" because monadic predicates are equivalent in expressive power to sets (the set of elements for which the predicate is true).
Existential monadic second-order logic (EMSO) is the fragment of MSO in which all quantifiers over sets must be existential quantifiers, outside of any other part of the formula. The first-order quantifiers are not restricted. By analogy to Fagin's theorem, according to which existential (non-monadic) second-order logic captures precisely the descriptive complexity of the complexity class NP, the class of problems that may be expressed in existential monadic second-order logic has been called monadic NP. The restriction to monadic logic makes it possible to prove separations in this logic that remain unproven for non-monadic second-order logic. For instance, in the logic of graphs, testing whether a graph is disconnected belongs to monadic NP, as the test can be represented by a formula that describes the existence of a proper subset of vertices with no edges connecting them to the rest of the graph; however, the complementary problem, testing whether a graph is connected, does not belong to monadic NP. The existence of an analogous pair of complementary problems, only one of which has an existential second-order formula (without the restriction to monadic formulas) is equivalent to the inequality of NP and coNP, an open question in computational complexity._NEWLINE_By contrast, when we wish to check whether a Boolean MSO formula is satisfied by an input finite tree, this problem can be solved in linear time in the tree, by translating the Boolean MSO formula to a tree automaton and evaluating the automaton on the tree. In terms of the query, however, the complexity of this process is generally nonelementary. Thanks to Courcelle's theorem, we can also evaluate a Boolean MSO formula in linear time on an input graph if the treewidth of the graph is bounded by a constant._NEWLINE_For MSO formulas that have free variables, when the input data is a tree or has bounded treewidth, there are efficient enumeration algorithms to produce the set of all solutions, ensuring that the input data is preprocessed in linear time and that each solution is then produced in a delay linear in the size of each solution, i.e., constant-delay in the common case where all free variables of the query are first-order variables (i.e., they do not represent sets). There are also efficient algorithms for counting the number of solutions of the MSO formula in that case.
Monica Lam received a B.Sc. from University of British Columbia in 1980 and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University in 1987._NEWLINE_Lam joined the faculty of Computer Science at Stanford University in 1988. She has contributed to the research of a wide range of computer systems topics including compilers, program analysis, operating systems, security, computer architecture, and high-performance computing. She currently directs the MobiSocial laboratory at Stanford. Lam is the cofounder and CEO of Omlet, the first MobiSocial product, which launched in 2014. Omlet is an open, decentralized social networking tool, based on an extensible chat platform._NEWLINE_In the Collective project, her research group and she developed the concept of a livePC: subscribers of the livePC will automatically run the latest of the published PC virtual images with each reboot. This approach allows computers to be managed scalably and securely. In 2005, the group started a company called MokaFive to transfer the technology to industry._NEWLINE_In another research project, her program analysis group has developed a collection of tools for improving software security and reliability. They developed the first scalable context-sensitive inclusion-based pointer analysis and a freely available tool called BDDBDDB, that allows programmers to express context-sensitive analyses simply by writing Datalog queries. Other tools developed include Griffin, static and dynamic analysis for finding security vulnerabilities in Web applications such as SQL injection, a static and dynamic program query language called PQL, a static memory leak detector called Clouseau, a dynamic buffer overrun detector called CRED, and a dynamic error diagnosis tool called DIDUCE._NEWLINE_Previously, Lam led the SUIF (Stanford University Intermediate Format) Compiler project, which produced a widely used compiler infrastructure known for its locality optimizations and interprocedural parallelization. Many of the compiler techniques she developed have been adopted by the industry. Her other research projects included the architecture and compiler for the CMU Warp machine, a systolic array of VLIW processors, and the Stanford DASH distributed shared memory machine. In 1998, she took a sabbatical leave from Stanford to help start Tensilica Inc., a company that specializes in configurable processor cores._NEWLINE_Lam chaired the ACM SIGPLAN Programming Languages Design and Implementation Conference in 2000, served on the Editorial Board of ACM Transactions on Computer Systems and numerous program committees for conferences on languages and compilers (PLDI, POPL), operating systems (SOSP), and computer architecture (ASPLOS, ISCA).
NPSC Graduate Fellowships are offered to all American citizens and last from two to six years, providing financial support of $20,000 per year, up to a maximum of $200,000. It covers tuition and allows fellows to hold a research or teaching assistantship positions while gaining work experience with the sponsoring employer during the summer. Fellowships apply to the fields of astronomy, chemistry, computer science, geology, materials science, mathematical sciences, physics and numerous disciplines of engineering. The NPSC also offers mentorship._NEWLINE_Recruitment is carried out through referrals from professors and other students.
Giuseppe Gori is a businessman and a politician in Ontario.  From 1997 to 2009, he was the leader of the Family Coalition Party, piloting the party during the 1999, 2003, and 2007 campaigns._NEWLINE_Gori has a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Pisa in Italy (1973).  He worked as an Assistant Professor at Pisa for three years, and has also been a visiting professor at the University of Western Ontario.  In the 1980s Gori has held positions at IBM, Canada Systems Group and Geac Computer Corporation._NEWLINE_Gori replaced Donald Pennell as leader of the FCP in 1997.  Like other members of his party, he is pro-life (from conception to natural death), and supports what he describes as "traditional family values". Gori would change the party name from Family Coalition Party to Ontario Coalition during his tenure. Gori did not run in the October 2009 leadership election, to dedicate more time to his manufacturing business, he was succeeded as party leader by Phil Lees.
The system opens on February 1 each year, with application deadline April 15. Some special groups have application deadline March 1. On the application up to ten prioritized programs can be specified. The order of their programs can be altered up to July 1, but no new program can be added after April 15. On July 20 the main admission is run and made known to the applicants, and no one is given more than one admission; on the highest ranked program that the candidate is qualified for and has enough points for after a specialized stable marriage algorithm. Programs with more applicants get waiting lists. Later in the summer and during the fall more people are admitted from the lists if enough people from the main admission decline the places. Studies with insufficient applicants to fill up become part of the Remains Market (Restetorget), which offers first-to-grab principle after the main application. Only entry-level programs are run through the system. Admission from bachelor to master level programs is still handled locally._NEWLINE_The applicants is ranked on a point scheme, where the qualified candidates with the most points are given admission. The qualifications vary from program to program, but almost all require general university admissions certification. Some programs, like engineering or medicine require extra upper secondary level courses in mathematics and sciences, which can be attained through a foundation course in engineering. The points are based first on the average grade from upper secondary school, multiplied by ten. Additional points are awarded for sciences, age, specialization and completed 60 ECTS credits or military service. Quota points for gender are applicable for some programs._NEWLINE_The institution who owns the top prioritized program on each application is defined as the case handler for that application. The case handler sets the correct points values and (dis)qualification codes. Often helped by the national database for upper secondary school diplomas, also run by Samordna opptak. Each applicant has in average 1.1 case handlers compared to one per institution before 1995.
In 1920, after being denied re-entry into British ruled Sri Lanka and other British colonies in Asia, Nyanatiloka went to Japan with his German disciples Bhikkhu Vappo (Ludwig Stolz) and Sister Uppalavaṇṇā (Else Buchholz). He taught Pali and German at Japanese universities for five years, including at Taisho University where he was assisted by the legendary eccentric Ekai Kawaguchi, and at Komazawa University where he taught with President Yamagami Sogen (山上曹源), who had also studied Pali in Sri Lanka. He also met with Japanese Theravada monks, but could not stay in any monasteries in Japan. He lived through the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, which destroyed Tokyo, but was surprised to see universities reopen just two months later. Nyanatiloka continued working on his translations of Pali texts during this period. In 1921 he visited Java, where he contracted Malaria, and Thailand, where he apparently hoped to stay since it was a Theravada Buddhist country. Although he was given a pass and visa by the Thai ambassador in Japan, he was arrested in Thailand on suspicions of being a spy and was deported after a few weeks. By way of China he returned to Japan.
OpenCards implements two different learning models. A box-based short-term learning procedure, called last-minute learning, and a more sophisticated long-term memorization model based on the principles of active recall and the forgetting model. The latter is implemented as an improved version of the SuperMemo2 algorithm. The SM2 algorithm had been created for SuperMemo in the late 1980s, but still forms the basis of many spaced repetition software applications. OpenCards's implementation of the algorithm has been modified to allow priorities on cards, and to show cards in order of their urgency.
Structural operational semantics (also called structured operational semantics or small-step semantics) was introduced by Gordon Plotkin in (Plotkin81)  as a logical means to define operational semantics. The basic idea behind SOS is to define the behavior of a program in terms of the behavior of its parts, thus providing a structural, i.e., syntax-oriented and inductive, view on operational semantics.  An SOS specification defines the behavior of a program in terms of a (set of) transition relation(s). SOS specifications take the form of a set of inference rules that define the valid transitions of a composite piece of syntax in terms of the transitions of its components._NEWLINE_For a simple example, we consider part of the semantics of a simple programming language; proper illustrations are given in Plotkin81 and Hennessy90, and other textbooks. Let  range over programs of the language, and let  range over states (e.g. functions from memory locations to values). If we have expressions (ranged over by ), values () and locations (), then a memory update command would have semantics:_NEWLINE_Informally, the rule says that "if the expression  in state  reduces to value , then the program  will update the state  with the assignment "._NEWLINE_The semantics of sequencing can be given by the following three rules:_NEWLINE_Informally, the first rule says that,_NEWLINE_if program  in state  finishes in state , then the program  in state  will reduce to the program  in state ._NEWLINE_(You can think of this as formalizing "You  can run , and then run _NEWLINE_using the resulting memory store.)_NEWLINE_The second rule says that_NEWLINE_if the program  in state  can reduce to the program   with state , then the program  in state  will reduce to the program  in state ._NEWLINE_(You can think of this as formalizing the principle for an optimizing compiler:_NEWLINE_"You are allowed to transform  as if it were stand-alone, even if it is just the_NEWLINE_first part of a program.")_NEWLINE_The semantics is structural, because the meaning of the sequential program , is defined by the meaning of  and the meaning of ._NEWLINE_If we also have Boolean expressions over the state, ranged over by , then we can define the semantics of the while command:_NEWLINE_Such a definition allows formal analysis of the behavior of programs, permitting the study of relations between programs. Important relations include simulation preorders and bisimulation._NEWLINE_These are especially useful in the context of concurrency theory._NEWLINE_Thanks to its intuitive look and easy-to-follow structure,_NEWLINE_SOS has gained great popularity and has become a de facto standard in defining_NEWLINE_operational semantics. As a sign of success, the original report (so-called Aarhus_NEWLINE_report) on SOS (Plotkin81) has attracted more than 1000 citations according to the CiteSeer ,_NEWLINE_making it one of the most cited technical reports in Computer Science.
Following a period of senior management in the Internet banking sector in the late 1990s, Selin became president and CEO of the Ongame network, later selling it to Bwin for €475 million._NEWLINE_In 2005, Ongame was named IT Company of the Year by Sweden's business magazine Veckans Affärer. In the same year, Selin helped orchestrate the sale of Ongame to the Austrian publicly traded company Bwin (then BETandWIN.com Interactive Entertainment AG), a transaction which was completed in early 2006._NEWLINE_Following the sale of Ongame in 2006, Selin assumed the position of CEO at Gnuf.com, another online gambling website._NEWLINE_In September 2009, Selin announced that he had acquired the rights to source code of the Bodog poker product. Selin further secured the rights from the BodogBrand.com licensing enterprise to market the new poker network worldwide under the Bodog brand._NEWLINE_In June 2010, Selin became the CEO of Bodog UK, the first holder of the newly created UK licence. Bodog UK provides online sports betting and casino offering. In June 2012, Bodog was sold to Bodog88, and Selin resigned as CEO.
Roizen was born in 1946 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He graduated from Cubberley High School in Palo Alto, California in 1963 and from the University of California, Berkeley in 1967 with a degree in mathematics._NEWLINE_He was employed as a software developer for the World Health Organization in Geneva, Switzerland; he later moved to Washington DC and worked for the World Bank.  It was his work with the World Bank that led him to invent a "Table Maker" software program that would allow formulae to be abstracted from data, therefore allowing the table's formulae to be re-used with different data sets without the need for a new program._NEWLINE_Coincident with the advent of early personal computer platforms such as Vector Graphic and Northstar, which  utilized the CP/M operating system, Roizen was able to develop his "Table Maker" software for individual use on personal computers. Not only was his software one of the earliest spreadsheet programs, it can also claim title to the earliest ‘integrated application’ as the program was also a capable word processor and early database system. Roizen renamed it T/Maker and sold the first version through software distributor Lifeboat Associates of New York._NEWLINE_In 1983 he co-founded T/Maker Company (with his sister Heidi Roizen) to take over sales and distribution of T/Maker and other software products._NEWLINE_Roizen went on to develop other software products, including T/Master and "I Hate Algebra" as well as the early internet communications product Touchpoint.  In 2005, he created WildWords, a board-based word game. He   has been included in Accidental Empires: How the Boys of Silicon Valley Make Their Millions..., History of the Personal Computer, Wicked Problems, Righteous Solutions: A Catalogue Of Modern Software Engineering Paradigms, and multiple issues of InfoWorld in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000._NEWLINE_He and his wife Sonja Roizen live in South Lake Tahoe, California.
Pin control attack is a class of attack against a system on a chip (SoC) in an embedded system where attacker targets I/O configuration of the embedded systems and disables software or operating system I/O functions without detection. The attack is facilitated by a lack of hardware protection for pin configuration and pin multiplexing configurations. _NEWLINE_The most significant target for pin control attack is a programmable logic controller (PLC). The application of pin control attack on PLCs is significant because I/O is the main mechanism through which PLCs interact with and control the outside world. PLC I/O like other embedded devices are controlled by a pin based approach. Pin control attack is an attack in which the attacker can tamper with the integrity and availability of PLC I/O by exploiting certain pin control operations and the lack of hardware interrupts associated with them. _NEWLINE_The family of the attack was first unveiled at Black Hat Europe 2016. The pin control attack uses I/O peripheral configuration settings of the PLC SoC to physically terminate the I/O module communication interface from the PLC. By targeting the PLC I/O configuration instead of PLC runtime or changing the logic program the attackers can avoid typical detection mechanisms exist in embedded systems.
A digit is what is used as a position in place-value notation, and a numeral is one or more digits. Today's most common digits are the decimal digits "0", "1", "2", "3", "4", "5", "6", "7", "8", and "9". The distinction between a digit and a numeral is most pronounced in the context of a number base._NEWLINE_A non-zero numeral with more than one digit position will mean a different number in a different number base, but in general, the digits will mean the same. The base-8 numeral 23₈ contains two digits, "2" and "3", and with a base number (subscripted) "8", means 19. In our notation here, the subscript "₈" of the numeral 23₈ is part of the numeral, but this may not always be the case. Imagine the numeral "23" as having an ambiguous base number. Then "23" could likely be any base, base-4 through base-60. In base-4 "23" means 11, and in base-60 it means the number 123. The numeral "23" then, in this case, corresponds to the set of numbers {11, 13, 15, 17, 19, 21, 23, ..., 121, 123} while its digits "2" and "3" always retain their original meaning: the "2" means "two of", and the "3" three._NEWLINE_In certain applications when a numeral with a fixed number of positions needs to represent a greater number, a higher number-base with more digits per position can be used. A three-digit, decimal numeral can represent only up to 999. But if the number-base is increased to 11, say, by adding the digit "A", then the same three positions, maximized to "AAA", can represent a number as great as 1330. We could increase the number base again and assign "B" to 11, and so on (but there is also a possible encryption between number and digit in the number-digit-numeral hierarchy). A three-digit numeral "ZZZ" in base-60 could mean 215999. If we use the entire collection of our alphanumerics we could ultimately serve a base-62 numeral system, but we remove two digits, uppercase "I" and uppercase "O", to reduce confusion with digits "1" and "0"._NEWLINE_We are left with a base-60, or sexagesimal numeral system utilizing 60 of the 62 standard alphanumerics. (But see Sexagesimal system below.) In general, the number of possible values that can be represented by a  digit number in base  is ._NEWLINE_The common numeral systems in computer science are binary (radix 2), octal (radix 8), and hexadecimal (radix 16). In binary only digits "0" and "1" are in the numerals. In the octal numerals, are the eight digits 0–7. Hex is 0–9 A–F, where the ten numerics retain their usual meaning, and the alphabetics correspond to values 10–15, for a total of sixteen digits. The numeral "10" is binary numeral "2", octal numeral "8", or hexadecimal numeral "16".
The Programming Research Group (PRG) was part of the Oxford University Computing Laboratory (OUCL) in Oxford, England, until OUCL became the Department of Computer Science in 2011._NEWLINE_The PRG was founded by Christopher Strachey in 1965 and after his death, C.A.R. Hoare, FRS took over the leadership in 1977. The PRG ethos is summed up by the following quotation from Strachey, found and promulgated by Tony Hoare after he arrived at the PRG:_NEWLINE_It has long been my personal view that the separation of practical and theoretical work is artificial and injurious. Much of the practical work done in computing, both in software and in hardware design, is unsound and clumsy because the people who do it have not any clear understanding of the fundamental design principles of their work. Most of the abstract mathematical and theoretical work is sterile because it has no point of contact with real computing. One of the central aims of the Programming Research Group as a teaching and research group has been to set up an atmosphere in which this separation cannot happen._NEWLINE_The PRG was a centre of excellence in the field of formal methods, playing a leading role in the development of the Z notation (initiated by a visit of Jean-Raymond Abrial) and CSP (together with the associated Occam programming language). It won Queen's Awards with IBM and Inmos for work in this area.
Protector was first discussed on DejaNews in 1998, where Carl Forhan of Songbird Productions noticed the post in regards to the game and proceeded to contact Joergen Bech to get the game's source code in order to be finished and published but the rights belonged to Bethesda Softworks. Christopher Weaver, then-president of Bethesda however, agreed to let the company finish the project and publish it, while also picking up the rights to the game in the process. Protector was first released on December 20, 1999.
RPM Racing was developed using the Sluggo development system created by Rebecca Heineman and her partner which allowed uploading of bin files to a device that emulated a cartridge for the SNES. System did not include step through or trace functionality. RPM was programmed in 65816 Assembly Language using a cross compiler on an IBM computer._NEWLINE_Development took five months and was programmed almost exclusively by Allen Adham with graphics supplied by Interplay and in-house 3D modellers._NEWLINE_RPM was one of the first SNES games developed in 'High Resolution Graphics Mode' which allowed for sharper detail but fewer colors. While the higher resolution gave finer detail, it also severely limited the number of colors and amount of unique graphics that could be displayed from the SNES video memory. Due to this, the sequel to RPM, Rock N' Roll Racing, was developed in the lower resolution graphics mode allowing for much more vibrant colors and graphic detail._NEWLINE_The logic engine and track editor for RPM were ported from an older EA title Racing Destruction Set. The 6502 assembly code was modified for 16-bit but otherwise mostly left intact.
Radeon Software is being developed for Microsoft Windows and Linux. As of January 2019, other operating systems are not officially supported. This may be different for the AMD FirePro brand, which is based on identical hardware but features OpenGL-certified graphics device drivers._NEWLINE_ATI previously offered driver updates for their retail and integrated Macintosh video cards and chipsets. ATI stopped support for Mac OS 9 after the Radeon R200 cards, making the last officially supported card the Radeon 9250. The Radeon R100 cards up to the Radeon 7200 can still be used with even older classic Mac OS versions such as System 7, although not all features are taken advantage of by the older operating system._NEWLINE_Ever since ATI's acquisition by AMD, ATI no longer supplies or supports drivers for classic Mac OS nor macOS. macOS drivers can be downloaded from Apple's support website, while classic Mac OS drivers can be obtained from 3rd party websites that host the older drivers for users to download. ATI used to provide a preference panel for use in macOS called ATI Displays which can be used both with retail and OEM versions of its cards. Though it gives more control over advanced features of the graphics chipset, ATI Displays has limited functionality compared to Catalyst for Windows or Linux.
Being entirely free and open-source software, the free and open-source drivers can be ported to any existing operating system. Whether they have been, and to what extent depends entirely on the man-power available. Available support shall be referenced here._NEWLINE_FreeBSD adopted DRI, and since Mesa 3D is not programmed for Linux, it should have identical support._NEWLINE_MorphOS supports 2D and 3D acceleration for Radeon R100, R200 and R300 chipsets._NEWLINE_AmigaOS 4 supports Radeon R100, R200, R300, R520 (X1000 Series), R700 (HD 4000 Series), HD 5000 (Evergreen) series, HD 6000 (Northern Islands) series and HD 7000 (Southern Islands) series. The RadeonHD AmigaOS 4 driver has been developed by Hans de Ruiter funded and owned by A-EON Technology Ltd.  The older R100 and R200 "ATIRadeon" driver for AmigaOS, originally developed Forefront Technologies has been acquired by A-EON Technology Ltd in 2015._NEWLINE_In the past ATI provided hardware and technical documentation to the Haiku Project to produce drivers with full 2D and video in/out support on older Radeon chipsets (up to R500) for Haiku. A new Radeon HD driver was developed with the unofficial and indirect guidance of AMD open source engineers and currently exists in recent Haiku versions. The new Radeon HD driver supports native mode setting on R600 through Southern Islands GPU's.
The original script for the film was written by Graham Chapman and John Cleese, both of Monty Python. However, the producers made so many changes to the duo's material (including commissioning additional material from John Fortune and John Wells) that Chapman and Cleese successfully instigated action to have their names removed from the finished print. This left Rentadick with very peculiar on-screen acknowledgements; the only writing credit is given to Fortune and Wells, who are explicitly credited only with "additional dialogue". However, the British firm Network Distributing released a DVD in 2007 using a print that still shows the names of Cleese and Chapman during the opening titles (frames at 2:00 minutes into the presentation), and uses their names in its promotional material.
Grossman has worked in several fields. His early work (1984–1990) was in mathematics, where he developed algorithms in symbolic and numeric computing. In 1989, working with Richard Larson, he showed that trees have a natural multiplicative structure and are in fact a Hopf algebra.  This algebra, sometimes called the Grossman–Larson algebra, is dual to the Connes-Kreimer algebra, which is one way of organizing the computations required when renormalizing Feynman diagrams.  Working with Peter Crouch, he showed that there are Runge–Kutta methods that evolve naturally on Lie groups._NEWLINE_From 1990–2010, he primarily worked in computer science, specifically, data mining and data intensive computing.  With Stuart Bailey and Yunhong Gu, he developed open source software to move large datasets over wide area high performance networks (PTool and the UDP-based Data Transfer Protocol or UDT).  With Yunhong Gu, he also developed Sector/Sphere, a distributed platform for data intensive computing.  During this period, he also founded the Data Mining Group, which develops data mining standards, and led the technical working group that developed the Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML), which is now the dominant standard in analytics._NEWLINE_Since 2010, he has primarily focused on data science and its applications to biology medicine, health care and the environment.  He developed the first biomedical cloud that was designated as a NIH Trusted Partner, allowing it to interoperate with NIH's controlled access genomic data.   He is currently leading the effort to build the NCI Genomic Data Commons, which will host all the genomic and associated clinical data from NIH/NCI funded research projects and clinical trials._NEWLINE_He is a faculty member at the University of Chicago and the Director of the Center for Data Intensive Science at the University of Chicago. He is the founder and director of the Open Commons Consortium.
- In November 2017, STT led in a new round of funding for Instart Logic, which created a cloud-based digital experience platform that enables brands to increase their online performance. _NEWLINE_- In April 2017, STT announced its investment in Dallas-based Armor, The First Totally Secure Cloud Company™, and became a joint lead shareholder with The Stephens Group. Armor’s proprietary platform integrates threat intelligence, automated security orchestration and machine learning managed by a world-class security operations centre.
Selat Panjang has a dense population of about 120,000 people. The largest ethnic group is Chinese, almost all Buddhist and Taoism in belief, but 37% of the population are ethnic Malay. There are also smaller ethnic groups such as Tamils, Minangkabau and Javanese. _NEWLINE_Thus, nowadays many Chinese Indonesians that are originally from Selatpanjang have moved to other regions in order to make a better living with the prominent place like Medan, Pekanbaru, Batam, Bengkalis and Tanjung Balai Karimun have been their new place of living. Nevertheless, every Chinese New Year in Selatpanjang, many of those who have moved away would return in order to celebrate the Chinese New Year although they have lived in other regions or cities for decades.
When  refers to the size of the universe, Lund & Yannakakis (1994) showed that set covering cannot be approximated in polynomial time to within a factor of , unless NP has quasi-polynomial time algorithms. Feige (1998) improved this lower bound to  under the same assumptions, which essentially matches the approximation ratio achieved by the greedy algorithm. Raz & Safra (1997) established a lower bound_NEWLINE_of , where  is a certain constant, under the weaker assumption that PNP._NEWLINE_A similar result with a higher value of  was recently proved by Alon, Moshkovitz & Safra (2006). Dinur & Steurer (2013) showed optimal inapproximability by proving that it cannot be approximated to  unless PNP.
Zones induce a very low overhead on CPU and memory. Most types of zones share the global zone's virtual address space. A zone can be assigned to a resource pool (processor set plus scheduling class) to guarantee certain usage, or can be capped at a fixed compute capacity ("capped CPU") or can be given shares via fair-share scheduling._NEWLINE_Currently a maximum of 8191 non-global zones can be created within a single operating system instance. "Sparse Zones", in which most filesystem content is shared with the global zone, can take as little as 50 MB of disk space. "Whole Root Zones", in which each zone has its own copy of its operating system files, may occupy anywhere from several hundred megabytes to several gigabytes, depending on installed software. The 8191 limits arises from the limit of 8,192 loopback connections per Solaris instance. Each zone needs a loopback connection. The global zone gets one, leaving 8,191 for the non-global zones._NEWLINE_Even with Whole Root Zones, disk space requirements can be negligible if the zone's OS file system is a ZFS clone of the global zone image, since only the blocks different from a snapshot image need to be stored on disk; this method also makes it possible to create new zones in a few seconds.
The Solaris operating system provides man pages for Solaris Containers by default; more detailed documentation can be found at various on-line technical resources._NEWLINE_The first published document and hands-on reference for Solaris Zones was written in February 2004 by Dennis Clarke at Blastwave.org, providing the essentials to getting started. This document was greatly expanded upon by Brendan Gregg in July 2005. The Solaris 8 and Solaris 9 Containers were documented in detail by Dennis Clarke at Blastwave(tm) again in April 2008 and this has become a simple How To style guide that can get people started with Solaris Containers in a production setting._NEWLINE_The Blastwave Solaris 8 and Solaris 9 Containers document was very early in the release cycle of the Solaris Containers technology and the actions and implementation at Blastwave resulted in a followup by Sun Microsystems marketing. The book "Oracle Solaris 10 System Virtualization Essentials" written by Jeff Victor, et al., offers feature details and best practices._NEWLINE_More extensive documentation may be found at the Oracle documentation site.
Following on from the success of the BB-8 robot, Sphero has released a R2-D2 robot that is powered by Sphero technology. This is accompanied by an app which is available for iOS and Android (operating system) powered devices. The R2-D2 droid, unlike the BB-8 and Sphero droids is not inductively charged, instead, a micro-USB connection is used._NEWLINE_It has been discontinued after the Disney-Sphero partnership ended.
Sphero RVR (pronounced "rover") is a programmable robot kit introduced by Sphero on Kickstarter on February 19, 2019. It is advertised as a "go anywhere, do anything programmable robot."_NEWLINE_It can be programmed using the app, either visually or via text JavaScript. The robot is modular, with various sensors and boards able to be attached, including Arduino and Raspberry Pi. It has a swappable battery charged via a USB-C port._NEWLINE_It has an increased focus on education, and is planned to be released in October 2019 at $249.
Classical or Topological ordering systems are assigned a dimensionless numerical order of "one" starting at the mouth of a stream which is its lowest elevation point. The vector order then increases as it traces upstream and converges with other smaller streams, resulting in a correlation of higher order numbers to the higher elevation of headwaters. Horton proposed to establish a reversal of this order. Horton's 1947 research report established a stream ordering method based on vector geometry. Five years later, in 1952, Arthur Strahler proposed a modification to Horton's method. Both Horton and Strahler methods established the assignment of the lowest order, number 1, starting at the river's headwater, which is the highest elevation point. Whereas Classical order number assignment correlates to height and elevation and traces upstream, Horton and Strahler's stream ordering methods correlate to gravity flow and trace downstream._NEWLINE_Both Horton's and Strahler's stream ordering methods rely on principles of vector point-line geometry. Horton's and Strahler's rules form the basis of programming algorithms which interpret map data as queried by Geographic Information Systems.
In a 2012 experiment at Lawrence Technological University in Michigan, a computer analysed approximately 1,000 paintings from 34 well-known artists using a specially developed algorithm and placed them in similar style categories to human art historians.  The analysis involved the sampling of more than 4000 visual features per work of art.
The algorithm begins with an input list of all vertices in the subject polygon. Next, one side of the clip polygon is extended infinitely in both directions, and the path of the subject polygon is traversed. Vertices from the input list are inserted into an output list if they lie on the visible side of the extended clip polygon line, and new vertices are added to the output list where the subject polygon path crosses the extended clip polygon line._NEWLINE_This process is repeated iteratively for each clip polygon side, using the output list from one stage as the input list for the next. Once all sides of the clip polygon have been processed, the final generated list of vertices defines a new single polygon that is entirely visible. Note that if the subject polygon was concave at vertices outside the clipping polygon, the new polygon may have coincident (i.e., overlapping) edges – this is acceptable for rendering, but not for other applications such as computing shadows._NEWLINE_The Weiler–Atherton algorithm overcomes this by returning a set of divided polygons, but is more complex and computationally more expensive, so Sutherland–Hodgman is used for many rendering applications. Sutherland–Hodgman can also be extended into 3D space by clipping the polygon paths based on the boundaries of planes defined by the viewing space.
Given a list of edges in a clip polygon, and a list of vertices in a subject polygon, the following procedure clips the subject polygon against the clip polygon._NEWLINE_  List outputList = subjectPolygon;  _NEWLINE_  _NEWLINE_  for (Edge clipEdge in clipPolygon) do_NEWLINE_     List inputList = outputList;_NEWLINE_     outputList.clear();_NEWLINE_   _NEWLINE_     for(int i = 0 ; i < inputList.count ; i += 1) do_NEWLINE_        Point current_point = inputList[i];_NEWLINE_        Point prev_point = inputList[(i + inputList.count - 1) % inputList.count];_NEWLINE_   _NEWLINE_        Point Intersecting_point = ComputeIntersection(prev_point, current_point, clipEdge)_NEWLINE_   _NEWLINE_        if (current_point inside clipEdge) then_NEWLINE_           if (prev_point not inside clipEdge) then_NEWLINE_              outputList.add(Intersecting_point);_NEWLINE_           end if_NEWLINE_           outputList.add(current_point);_NEWLINE_        _NEWLINE_        else if (prev_point inside clipEdge) then_NEWLINE_           outputList.add(Intersecting_point);_NEWLINE_        end if_NEWLINE_   _NEWLINE_     done_NEWLINE_  done_NEWLINE_The vertices of the clipped polygon are to be found in outputList when the algorithm terminates.  Note that a point is defined as being inside an edge if it lies on the same side of the edge as the remainder of the polygon.  If the vertices of the clip polygon are consistently listed in a counter-clockwise direction, then this is equivalent to testing whether the point lies to the left of the line (left means inside, while right means outside), and can be implemented simply by using a cross product._NEWLINE_ComputeIntersection is a function, omitted here for clarity, which returns the intersection of a line segment and an infinite edge.  Note that it is only called if such an intersection is known to exist, and hence can simply treat both lines as being infinitely long.
The ACM–IEEE Symposium on Logic in Computer Science (LICS) is an annual academic conference on the theory and practice of computer science in relation to mathematical logic. Extended versions of selected papers of each year's conference appear in renowned international journals such as Logical Methods in Computer Science and ACM Transactions on Computational Logic.
This operating system introduced many features that would appear for years to come, some that still exist in the current macOS, and a few that exist in other graphical operating systems such as Microsoft Windows._NEWLINE_The features of the operating system included the Finder and menu bar. In addition to this, it popularized the graphical user interface and desktop metaphor, which was used under license from Xerox PARC._NEWLINE_Due to the limited amount of random-access memory  and the lack of an internal hard disk in the original Macintosh, there was no multitasking with multiple applications, although there were desktop accessories that could run while another application was loaded. Also, items in the Trash were permanently deleted when the computer was shut down or an application was loaded (quitting the Finder)._NEWLINE_System 1's total size is about 216 KB and contained six files: System (which includes the desk accessories), Finder, Clipboard, an Imagewriter printer driver, Scrapbook, and Note Pad.  A separate diskette included "A Guided Tour of Macintosh", which contains tutorial demonstrations of the Macintosh system, running on a modified pre-release version of Finder 1.0, as well as training programs for learning to use the mouse, and the Finder. Also included was a 33-minute audio cassette designed to run alongside the demonstrations, emphasising the disk's purpose as a guided tour.
T,O,U,C,H,I,N,G is a 12-minute short film directed by Paul Sharits in 1968. It uses many of the strategies characteristic of the structural film movement, including a static frame, flicker effects, flash frames and continual audio and visual repetition. The audio track consists exclusively of the filmmaker uttering the word "destroy" over and over until the word begins to lose its meaning and creates the impression of different combinations of words being spoken._NEWLINE_Unlike many clearly algorithmically-driven films of the structural film movement, T,O,U,C,H,I,N,G does not simply follow a sequence of mathematical transformation, but deploys combinations of audio and visual effects to elicit emotional and psychological responses in viewers.
Margarethe Mathilde Weissenborn was born on 22 March 1883  or 1889,  to Cornelia Emma Angely Lina da Paula (née Roessner) and Hermann Theodor Weissenborn in either Surabaya, or Kediri, on East Java of the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). Her parents were German-born, naturalized Dutch citizens and operated a coffee plantation in Kediri. In 1892, her mother returned with Thilly and her siblings to the Netherlands and took up residence in The Hague. They were joined by their father the following year. After five years, the oldest son and the father left for Tanganyika in German East Africa to become planters there. Else, one of Thilly's older sisters, who had studied photography in Paris, opened a photographic studio in The Hague in 1903, where Thilly began working. In 1912, she left the Netherlands and returned to Java, in the company of her brother Theo to join their brother Oscar, who was living in Bandung.
In 1913, Weissenborn found employment in a prestigious photographic studio in Surabaya which was founded by Onnes Kurkdjian, an Armenian, called Atelier Kurkdjian. The studio was the only agent for Kodak in East Java. Kurkdjian had died by the time Weissenborn arrived and the studio, which employed thirty photographers, was managed by an Englishman, GP Lewis. Weissenborn honed her craft under Lewis' tutelage learning both photographic and retouching techniques. In 1917, she moved to Garut in West Java and managed a photographic studio GAH Lux in the Garoetsche Apotheek en Handelsvereeniging Company, a pharmacy owned by Denis G. Mulder. Mulder moved to Bandung in 1920 and turned over his property to Weissenborn, who changed the firm name to Foto Lux. In 1930, she established Lux Fotograaf Atelier NV, which she operated for a decade in Garut._NEWLINE_Weissenborn became the first significant woman photographer in Indonesia and was one of the few photographers working in the era who were Indonesian-born. Her works were marked by a lyrical quality and her attempt to capture the idyllic nature of the landscape. She is most known for her photographs of architectural interiors, landscapes, and portraits, which were produced for the burgeoning tourist industry. Some of her works were featured in Dutch tourism guide published in 1922, as Come to Java. Her photographs also made up the majority of the images in Louis Couperus' work Oostwaarts (Eastward, 1923). Weissenborn traveled throughout the East Indies, and particularly worked in Bali, trying to capture the exotic nature of the islands, while at the same time, retaining the dignity of locals she photographed. Ironically, her images were at times appropriated and used in prurient manners, such as a photograph of two women on a road carrying water, one who has a pot on her head, which was used for a French novel titled L'Île des seins nus (Island of Bare Breasts). In time, her portrait images changed from partially-clad images to the more artistic images of dancing girls. These were featured in such magazines as Inter-Ocean, Sluyter’s Monthly and Tropical Netherlands, which marketed a more civilized Bali to international tourists.
During World War II, the 16th Army of Japan landed in West Java at the end of February, 1942. After subduing the population, around 30,000 American, Australian, British, Dutch,  and Indo-European civilians were transported to civilian internment camps. In 1943, Weissenborn was interned in the Japanese prisoner of war camp Kareës in Bandung. Women and children were kept in the camp until 1945. The town of Garut was destroyed by fire and then in the aftermath of the Indonesian National Revolution, Weissenborn's studio was completely destroyed and all of her glass negatives were lost in 1947. That same year, she married Nico Wijnmalen and the couple moved to Bandung._NEWLINE_In 1956, the Indonesian government repudiated the remaining terms of the Hague Round Table Conference forcing Weissenborn and Wijnmalen to return to Holland. Weissenborn died 28 October 1964 at Baarn, in Utrecht Province, The Netherlands.
TPF evolved from the Airlines Control Program (ACP), a free package developed in the mid-1960s by IBM in association with major North American and European airlines.  In 1979, IBM introduced TPF as a replacement for ACP — and as a priced software product. The new name suggests its greater scope and evolution into non-airline related entities._NEWLINE_TPF was traditionally an IBM System/370 assembly language environment for performance reasons, and many TPF assembler applications persist. However, more recent versions of TPF encourage the use of C. Another programming language called SabreTalk was born and died on TPF._NEWLINE_IBM announced the delivery of the current release of TPF, dubbed z/TPF V1.1, in September 2005. Most significantly, z/TPF adds 64-bit addressing and mandates use of the 64-bit GNU development tools._NEWLINE_The GCC compiler and the DIGNUS Systems/C++ and Systems/C are the only supported compilers for z/TPF. The Dignus compilers offer reduced source code changes when moving from TPF 4.1 to z/TPF.
TPF is not a general-purpose operating system (GPOS).  TPF's specialized role is to process transaction input messages, then return output messages on a 1:1 basis at extremely high volume with short maximum elapsed time limits._NEWLINE_TPF has no built-in graphical user interface functionality, and TPF has never offered direct graphical display facilities: to implement it on the host would be considered an unnecessary and potentially harmful diversion of real-time system resources.  TPF's user interface is command-line driven with simple text display terminals that scroll upwards, and there are no mouse-driven cursors, windows, or icons on a TPF Prime CRAS (Computer room agent set — which is best thought of as the "operator's console").  Character messages are intended to be the mode of communications with human users; all work is accomplished via the use of the command line, similar to UNIX without X.  There are several products available which connect to Prime CRAS and provide graphical interface functions to the TPF operator, such as TPF Operations Server.  Graphical interfaces for end users, if desired, must be provided by external systems.  Such systems perform analysis on character content (see Screen scrape) and convert the message to/from the desired graphical form, depending on its context._NEWLINE_Being a specialized purpose operating system, TPF does not host a compiler/assembler, text editor, nor implement the concept of a desktop as one might expect to find in a GPOS.  TPF application source code is commonly stored in external systems, and likewise built "offline".  Starting with z/TPF 1.1, Linux is the supported build platform; executable programs intended for z/TPF operation must observe the ELF format for s390x-ibm-linux. _NEWLINE_Using TPF requires a knowledge of its Command Guide since there is no support for an online command "directory" or "man"/help facility to which users might be accustomed.  Commands created and shipped by IBM for the system administration of TPF are called "functional messages" -- commonly referred to as "Z-messages", as they are all prefixed with the letter "Z".  Other letters are reserved so that customers may write their own commands._NEWLINE_TPF implements debugging in a distributed client-server mode; which is necessary because of the system's headless, multi-processing nature: pausing the entire system in order to trap a single task would be highly counter-productive.  Debugger packages have been developed by 3rd party vendors who took very different approaches to the "break/continue" operations required at the TPF host, implementing unique communications protocols used in traffic between the human developer running the debugger client & server-side debug controller, as well as the form and function of debugger program operations at the client side.  Two examples of 3rd party debugger packages are Step by Step Trace from Bedford Associates and CMSTPF, TPF/GI, & zTPFGI from TPF Software, Inc.  Neither package is wholly compatible with the other, nor with IBM's own offering.  IBM's debugging client offering is packaged in an IDE called IBM TPF Toolkit.
Historically, all data on the TPF system had to fit in fixed record (and core block) sizes of 381, 1055 and 4K bytes. This was due in part to the physical record sizes of blocks located on DASD. Much overhead was saved by freeing up any part of the operating system from breaking large data entities into smaller ones during file operations, and reassembling same during read operations. Since IBM hardware does I/O via the use of channels and channel programs, TPF would generate very small and efficient channel programs to do its I/O — all in the name of speed. Since the early days also placed a premium on the size of storage media — be it memory or disk, TPF applications evolved into doing very powerful things while using very little resource._NEWLINE_Today, much of these limitations are removed.  In fact, only because of legacy support are smaller-than-4K DASD records still used.  With the advances made in DASD technology, a read/write of a 4K record is just as efficient as a 1055 byte record.  The same advances have increased the capacity of each device so that there is no longer a premium placed on the ability to pack data into the smallest model as possible.
TPF also had its program segments allocated as 381, 1055 and 4K byte-sized records at different points in its history. Each segment consisted of a single record; with a typically comprehensive application requiring perhaps tens or even hundreds of segments. For the first forty years of TPF's history, these segments were never link-edited. Instead, the relocatable object code (direct output from the assembler) was laid out in memory, had its internally (self-referential) relocatable symbols resolved, then the entire image was written to file for later loading into the system. This created a challenging programming environment in which segments related to one another could not directly address each other, with control transfer between them implemented as the ENTER/BACK system service. _NEWLINE_In ACP/TPF's earliest days (circa 1965), memory space was severely limited, which gave rise to a distinction between file-resident and core-resident programs -- only the most frequently used application programs were written into memory and never removed (core-residency); the rest were stored on file and read in on demand, with their backing memory buffers released post-execution._NEWLINE_The introduction of C language to TPF at version 3.0 was first implemented conformant to segment conventions, including the absence of linkage editing. This scheme quickly demonstrated itself to be impractical for anything other than the simplest of C programs. At TPF 4.1, truly and fully linked load modules were introduced to TPF. These were compiled with the z/OS C/C++ compiler using TPF-specific header files and linked with IEWL, resulting in a z/OS-conformant load module, which in no manner could be considered a traditional TPF segment. The TPF loader was extended to read the z/OS-unique load module file format, then lay out file-resident load modules' sections into memory; meanwhile, assembly language programs remained confined to TPF's segment model, creating an obvious disparity between applications written in assembler and those written in higher level languages (HLL)._NEWLINE_At z/TPF 1.1, all source language types were conceptually unified and fully link-edited to conform to the ELF specification. The segment concept became obsolete, meaning that any program written in any source language -- including Assembler -- may now be of any size. Furthermore, external references became possible, and separate source code programs that had once been segments could now be directly linked together into a shared object. A value point is that critical legacy applications can benefit from improved efficiency through simple repackaging -- calls made between members of a single shared object module now have a much shorter pathlength at run time as compared to calling the system's ENTER/BACK service. Members of the same shared object may now share writeable data regions directly thanks to copy-on-write functionality also introduced at z/TPF 1.1; which coincidentally reinforces TPF's reentrancy requirements._NEWLINE_The concepts of file- and core- residency were also made obsolete, due to a z/TPF design point which sought to have all programs resident in memory at all times. _NEWLINE_Since z/TPF had to maintain a call stack for high-level language programs, which gave HLL programs the ability to benefit from stack-based memory allocation, it was deemed beneficial to extend the call stack to assembly language programs on an optional basis, which can ease memory pressure and ease recursive programming._NEWLINE_All z/TPF executable programs are now packaged as ELF shared objects.
With reference to a given (possibly implicit) set of objects, a unique identifier (UID) is any identifier which is guaranteed to be unique among all identifiers used for those objects and for a specific purpose. The concept  have been formalized early in Computer science and Information systems, in general associating it to an atomic data type._NEWLINE_In relational databases, certain attributes of an entity that serve as unique identifiers are called primary keys._NEWLINE_In Mathematics, Set Theory use the concept of element index as F6f01v03fhp
The university has seven faculties comprising 26 departments:_NEWLINE_Faculty of Agriculture:_NEWLINE_Departments: Food science & Technology, Agricultural economics, Horticulture, Entomology, Agronomy, Plant pathology, Plant breeding & Molecular genetics, and Soil & Environmental sciences._NEWLINE_Faculty of Medical & Health sciences:_NEWLINE_Departments: Pharmacy, and Eastern medicine & Surgery._NEWLINE_Faculty of Management sciences:_NEWLINE_Departments: Business administration, and Commerce._NEWLINE_Faculty of Basic & Applied sciences:_NEWLINE_Departments: Computer sciences, Chemistry, Physics, Zoology, Mathematics, Botany, and Earth sciences._NEWLINE_Faculty of Humanities and Social sciences:_NEWLINE_Departments: Economics, English, Sociology, Psychology, and Islamic studies._NEWLINE_Faculty of Engineering & Technology:_NEWLINE_Departments: Electrical engineering._NEWLINE_Faculty of Veterinary & Animal sciences:_NEWLINE_Departments: Veterinary & Animal sciences.
In mathematical physics, vanishing scalar invariant (VSI) spacetimes are Lorentzian manifolds with all polynomial curvature invariants of all orders vanishing. Although the only Riemannian manifold with VSI property is flat space, the Lorentzian case admits nontrivial spacetimes with this property. Distinguishing these VSI spacetimes from Minkowski spacetime requires comparing non-polynomial invariants or carrying out the full Cartan–Karlhede algorithm on non-scalar quantities._NEWLINE_All VSI spacetimes are Kundt spacetimes. An example with this property in four dimensions is a pp-wave. VSI spacetimes however also contain some other four-dimensional Kundt spacetimes of Petrov type N and III. VSI spacetimes in higher dimensions have similar properties as in the four-dimensional case.
When VIL values quickly fall, it might mean that a downburst is imminent.  This is the result of the updraft within the cell weakening, thereby losing its ability to hold the copious amounts of moisture (including hail) within the storm's structure.  Downbursts of this type are referred to as 'wet microbursts' by the National Weather Service for two reasons: (1) they contain heavy rainfall and (usually) hail; (2) they have damaging winds of greater than 58 mph (50 kn; 93 km/h).  Microbursts are classified as being 'a swath of damaging winds not exceeding 2.5 miles (4.0 km) in diameter'._NEWLINE_Thus, wet microbursts have been sometimes mistaken for a tornado by the general public, as the damage can be quick, hard hitting, and as important or more than an EF-1 tornado. An algorithm has been developed by S. Stewart, a meteorologist for the US National Weather Service, to estimate the potential maximum gust with a descending downdraft using VIL and the Echotop on radar:
The winnow algorithm is a technique from machine learning for learning a linear classifier from labeled examples.  It is very similar to the perceptron algorithm.  However, the perceptron algorithm uses an additive weight-update scheme, while Winnow uses a multiplicative scheme that allows it to perform much better when many dimensions are irrelevant (hence its name winnow). It is a simple algorithm that scales well to high-dimensional data. During training, Winnow is shown a sequence of positive and negative examples. From these it learns a decision hyperplane that can then be used to label novel examples as positive or negative.  The algorithm can also be used in the online learning setting, where the learning and the classification phase are not clearly separated.
In certain circumstances, it can be shown that the number of mistakes Winnow makes as it learns has an upper bound that is independent of the number of instances with which it is presented.  If the Winnow1 algorithm uses  and  on a target function that is a -literal monotone disjunction given by , then for any sequence of instances the total number of mistakes is bounded by:_NEWLINE_.
Wilks was educated at Torquay Boys' Grammar School, followed by Pembroke College, Cambridge, where he joined the Epiphany Philosophers and obtained his Doctor of Philosophy degree (1968) under Professor R. B. Braithwaite for the thesis 'Argument and Proof'; he was an early pioneer in meaning-based approaches to the understanding of natural language content by computers. His main early contribution in the 1970s was called "Preference Semantics" (Wilks, 1973; Wilks and Fass, 1992), an algorithmic method for assigning the "most coherent" interpretation to a sentence in terms of having the maximum number of internal preferences of its parts (normally verbs or adjectives) satisfied. That early work was hand-coded with semantic entries (of the order of some hundreds) as was normal at the time, but since then has led to the empirical determinations of preferences (chiefly of English verbs) in the 1980s and 1990s._NEWLINE_A key component of the notion of preference in semantics was that the interpretation of an utterance is not a well- or ill-formed notion, as was argued in Chomskyan approaches, such as those of Jerry Fodor and Jerrold Katz. It was rather that a semantic interpretation was the best available, even though some preferences might not be satisfied. So, in "The machine answered the question with a low whine" the agent of "answer" does not satisfy that verb's preference for a human answerer—which would cause it to be deemed ill-formed by Fodor and Katz—but is accepted as sub-optimal or metaphorical, and, now, conventional. The function of the algorithm is not to determine well-formedness at all but to make the optimal selection of word-senses to participate in the overall interpretation. Thus, in "The Pole answered..." the system will always select the human sense of the agent and not the inanimate one if it gives a more coherent interpretation overall._NEWLINE_Preference Semantics is thus some of the earliest computational work—with programs run at Systems Development Corporation in Santa Monica in 1967 in LISP on an IBM360—in the now established field of word sense disambiguation. This approach was used in the first operational machine translation system based principally on meaning structures and built by Wilks at Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory in the early 1970s (Wilks, 1973) at the same time and place as Roger Schank was applying his "Conceptual Dependency" approach to machine translation. The LISP code of Wilks' system was in The Computer Museum, Boston._NEWLINE_Yorick Wilks has been elected a fellow of the American and European Associations for Artificial Intelligence, of the British Computer Society, a member of the UK Computing Research Committee, and a permanent member of ICCL, the International Committee on Computational Linguistics. He is professor of artificial intelligence at the University of Sheffield and a senior research fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute. In 1991 he received a Defense Advanced Projects Agency grant on interlingual pragmatics-based machine translation and in 1994 he received a grant by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council to investigate in the field of large-scale information extraction (LaSIE); in the following years he would obtained more grants to carry on exploring the field of information extraction (AVENTINUS, ECRAN, PASTA...). In the 1990s Wilks also became interested in modelling human-computer dialogue and the team led by David Levy and him as chief researcher won the Loebner Prize in 1997. He was the founding director of the EU funded Companions Project on creating long-term computer companions for people. At his Festschrift in 2007 at the British Computer Society in London a volume of his own papers was presented along with a volume of essays in his honour.  He was awarded the Antonio Zampolli prize in honour of his lifetime work at the LREC'2008 conference on 28 May 2008, and the Lifetime Achievement Award at the ACL'2008 conference on 18 June 2008._NEWLINE_In 2009, he was awarded the British Computer Society's Lovelace Medal, its annual award for research achievement, and was awarded the Fellowship of the Association for Computing Machinery._NEWLINE_In 1998, Wilks became head of the Department of Computer Science of the University of Sheffield, where he had started working in the year 1993 as professor of artificial intelligence, a post he still holds. In 1993 he became the founding director of the Institute of Language, Speech and Hearing (ILASH). Wilks also set up the Natural Language Processing Group of the University of Sheffield. In 1994 he (along with Rob Gaizauskas and Hamish Cunningham) designed GATE, an advanced NLP architecture that has been widely distributed._NEWLINE_National Life Stories conducted an oral history interview (C1672/24) with Yorick Wilks in 2016 for its Science and Religion collection held by the British Library.
The ROM contained the Sinclair BASIC programming language, editor, and operating system. BASIC commands were not entered by typing them out but were instead selected somewhat similarly to a programmable graphing calculator - each key had a few different functions selected by both context and modes as well as with the shift key.
By 25 August, the Krakatoa eruptions intensified. At about 1:00 pm on 26 August , the volcano went into its paroxysmal phase. By 2:00 pm, a black cloud of ash could be seen 27 kilometres high. At this point, the eruption was virtually continuous and explosions could be heard every ten minutes or so. Ships within 20 km (12 mi) of the volcano reported heavy ash fall, with pieces of hot pumice up to 10 cm (4 in) in diameter landing on their decks. Between 7:00 pm and 8:00 pm, a small tsunami hit the shores of Java and Sumatra, some 40 km (25 mi) away._NEWLINE_On 27 August, there were four enormous explosions that occurred, which marked the climax of the eruption. At 5:30 am, the first explosion was at Perboewatan, triggering a tsunami heading straight to Telok Betong, now known as Bandar Lampung. At 6:44 am, Krakatoa exploded again at Danan, with the resulting tsunami stretching eastward and westward. The third and largest explosion, at 10:02 am, was so violent that it was heard 3,110 km (1,930 mi) away in Perth, Western Australia and the Indian Ocean island of Rodrigues near Mauritius, 4,800 km (3,000 mi) away, where the blast was thought to have been cannon fire from a nearby ship. The third explosion has been reported as the loudest sound heard in historic times. The loudness of the blast heard 160 km (100 mi) from the volcano has been calculated to have been 180 dB. It is said that if anybody were to stand 10 miles (16 kilometres) away from the volcano's eruption, they would have gone deaf. Each explosion was accompanied by tsunamis estimated to have been over 30 meters (98 feet) high in places. A large area of the Sunda Strait and a number of places on the Sumatran coast were affected by pyroclastic flows from the volcano. The energy released from the explosion has been estimated to be equal to about 200 megatons of TNT, roughly four times as powerful as the Tsar Bomba, the most powerful thermonuclear weapon ever detonated. At 10:41 am, a landslide tore off half of Rakata volcano, along with the remainder of the island to the north of Rakata, causing the final explosion.
Although the violent phase of the 1883 eruption was over by late afternoon of 27 August, after light returned by 29 August, reports continued for months that Krakatoa was still in eruption. One of the earliest duties of Verbeek's committee was to determine if this was true and also verify reports of other volcanoes erupting on Java and Sumatra. In general, these were found to be false, and Verbeek discounted any claims of Krakatoa still erupting after mid-October as due to steaming of hot material, landslides due to heavy monsoon rains that season, and "hallucinations due to electrical activity" seen from a distance._NEWLINE_No signs of further activity were seen until 1913, when an eruption was reported. Investigation could find no evidence the volcano was awakening, and it was determined that what had been mistaken for renewed activity had actually been a major landslide (possibly the one which formed the second arc to Rakata's cliff)._NEWLINE_Examinations after 1930 of bathymetric charts made in 1919 show evidence of a bulge indicative of magma near the surface at the site that became Anak Krakatau.
The initial logo for the 2018 Asian Games was first unveiled on 9 September 2015, in celebration of the country's National Sports Day. On 27 December 2015, the Games' mascot Drawa was unveiled by vice president Jusuf Kalla. Both the emblem and mascot were a stylized rendition of the cenderawasih, a rare species of bird in Indonesia._NEWLINE_The designs were widely criticised for their outdated appearance, and Drawa was also criticised for having little connection to Indonesian culture and history (with some Indonesians joking that the mascot looked more like a chicken than a cenderawasih). Organisers ultimately withdrew the original emblem and mascot, and announced an open call for a new design. Out of 60 submissions, the new emblem — entitled "Energy of Asia" — was unveiled on 28 July 2016. The new emblem was modelled upon the Gelora Bung Karno Stadium, and was intended to symbolise unity among Asian countries._NEWLINE_Three new mascots were also unveiled: Bhin Bhin—a greater bird-of-paradise; Atung—a Bawean deer; and Kaka—a Javan rhinoceros. They represent the Eastern, Central, and Western regions of Indonesia, as well as strategy, speed and strength. The mascots' outfits reflect traditional textiles; Bhin Bhin wears a vest with Asmat pattern details, Atung wears a Sarong with Batik tumpal patterns, and Kaka wears a Palembang Songket with flower patterns. Their names were derived from the national motto of Indonesia, "Bhinneka Tunggal Ika"._NEWLINE_The medal designs were unveiled in July 2018, featuring batik designs reflecting the unity and diversity of Indonesian and Asian culture.
On 10 May 2018, 100 days before their opening, the Asian Games torch was unveiled. The design was inspired by the golok and skin — traditional weapons originating from Jakarta and Palembang._NEWLINE_The torch relay began at the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium in New Delhi, host of the 1st Asian Games, on 15 July 2018. The flame was generated from a parabolic mirror directed straight at the sun. On 18 July 2018, a ceremony took place in Brahma field by the 9th century Hindu temple of Prambanan near Yogyakarta, where the torch's flame from India were fused together with an Indonesian natural eternal flame taken from Mrapen, Central Java. Subsequently, the Torch Relay Concert were performed marking the start of torch relay throughout the country._NEWLINE_The relay travelled through 54 cities in 18 provinces in Indonesia, including host cities. The relay covered a total distance of 18,000 kilometres (11,000 mi). The relay finished on 17 August, the 73rd anniversary of the Proclamation of Indonesian Independence, at the National Monument in Jakarta before being carried into the opening ceremony at Gelora Bung Karno Stadium the next day.
The Games used a mix of new and existing venues in Jakarta and South Sumatra (with organizers aiming to reuse existing facilities and infrastructure, such as those built for the 2011 Southeast Asian Games, to help control costs), as well as Jakarta's neighbouring provinces of Banten, and West Java. Venues were divided into four clusters, with three in Jakarta and its surrounding areas and one in Palembang.
Eventually, as 8-, 16- and 32-bit (and later 64-bit) computers began to replace 12-, 18- and 36-bit computers as the norm, it became common to use an 8-bit byte to store each character in memory, providing an opportunity for extended, 8-bit relatives of ASCII. In most cases these developed as true extensions of ASCII, leaving the original character-mapping intact, but adding additional character definitions after the first 128 (i.e., 7-bit) characters._NEWLINE_Encodings include ISCII (India), VISCII (Vietnam). Although these encodings are sometimes referred to as ASCII, true ASCII is defined strictly only by the ANSI standard._NEWLINE_Most early home computer systems developed their own 8-bit character sets containing line-drawing and game glyphs, and often filled in some or all of the control characters from 0 to 31 with more graphics. Kaypro CP/M computers used the "upper" 128 characters for the Greek alphabet._NEWLINE_The PETSCII code Commodore International used for their 8-bit systems is probably unique among post-1970 codes in being based on ASCII-1963, instead of the more common ASCII-1967, such as found on the ZX Spectrum computer. Atari 8-bit computers and Galaksija computers also used ASCII variants._NEWLINE_The IBM PC defined code page 437, which replaced the control characters with graphic symbols such as smiley faces, and mapped additional graphic characters to the upper 128 positions. Operating systems such as DOS supported these code pages, and manufacturers of IBM PCs supported them in hardware. Digital Equipment Corporation developed the Multinational Character Set (DEC-MCS) for use in the popular VT220 terminal as one of the first extensions designed more for international languages than for block graphics. The Macintosh defined Mac OS Roman and Postscript also defined a set, both of these contained both international letters and typographic punctuation marks instead of graphics, more like modern character sets._NEWLINE_The ISO/IEC 8859 standard (derived from the DEC-MCS) finally provided a standard that most systems copied (at least as accurately as they copied ASCII, but with many substitutions). A popular further extension designed by Microsoft, Windows-1252 (often mislabeled as ISO-8859-1), added the typographic punctuation marks needed for traditional text printing.  ISO-8859-1, Windows-1252, and the original 7-bit ASCII were the most common character encodings until 2008 when UTF-8 became more common._NEWLINE_ISO/IEC 4873 introduced 32 additional control codes defined in the 80–9F hexadecimal range, as part of extending the 7-bit ASCII encoding to become an 8-bit system.
Adjie Massaid was born in Jakarta, the second of the four children of Raden Pandji Sujono Tjondro Adiningrat and Joyce Broers. He was of Javanese-Madurese-Dutch descent. Adjie spent his childhood in Rawamangun, Jakarta Timur. In 1975, when he was in the 4th grade of elementary school, he and his family moved to the Netherlands. During his adolescence, he joined Ajax Amsterdam Juniors._NEWLINE_Adjie started his career as a catwalk model. His first screen appearance was in Garin Nugroho's 1991 film Cinta Dalam Sepotong Roti (Love In a Piece of Bread).
By 1987 Ethernet was clearly winning the standards battle over Token Ring, and in the middle of that year Apple introduced EtherTalk 1.0 for the newly released Macintosh II computer. The package included both a NuBus card with Ethernet ports and a new Network control panel that allowed the user to select which physical connection to use for networking (from "Built-in" or "EtherTalk"). The release's new networking stack also expanded the system to allow a full 255 nodes per LAN. With its release, AppleTalk Personal Network was renamed LocalTalk. Token Ring would eventually be supported with the similar TokenTalk product, which used the same Network control panel and underlying software. Many third party companies would introduce compatible Ethernet and Token Ring cards that used these same drivers._NEWLINE_The appearance of EtherTalk also led to a problem: Networks with new and old Macs needed some way to communicate between each other. This could be as simple as a network of Ethernet Mac IIs trying to talk to a LaserWriter. Apple had considered the problem, and AppleTalk included the possibility for a low-cost LocalTalk-to-Ethernet bridge, but they felt it would be a low-volume product and left it to third parties. A number of companies responded, both existing communications vendors like Hayes and Cisco Systems, as well as newly formed companies like Kinetics. Contrary to Apple's belief these would be low-volume, by the end of 1987, 130,000 such systems were in use. AppleTalk was at that time the most used networking system in the world, with over three times the installations of any other vendor._NEWLINE_1987 also marked the introduction of the AppleShare product, a dedicated file server that ran on any Mac with 512 kB of RAM or more. A common AppleShare machine was the Mac Plus with an external SCSI hard drive. AppleShare was the #3 network operating system in the late 1980s, behind Novell NetWare and Microsoft's MS-Net. AppleShare was effectively the replacement for the failed Macintosh Office efforts, which had been based on a dedicated file server device.
A significant re-design was released in 1989 as AppleTalk Phase II. In many ways, Phase II can be considered an effort to make the earlier version (never called Phase I) more generic. LANs could now support more than 255 nodes, and zones were no longer associated with physical networks, but were entirely virtual constructs used simply to organize nodes. For instance, one could now make a "Printers" zone that would list all the printers in an organization, or one might want to place that same device in the "2nd Floor" zone to indicate its physical location. Phase II also included changes to the underlying inter-networking protocols to make them less "chatty", which had previously been a serious problem on networks that bridged over wide-area networks._NEWLINE_By this point Apple had a wide variety of communications products under development, and many of these were announced along with AppleTalk Phase II. These included updates to EtherTalk and TokenTalk, AppleTalk software and LocalTalk hardware for the IBM PC, EtherTalk for Apple's A/UX operating system allowing it to use LaserPrinters and other network resources, and the Mac X.25 and MacX products._NEWLINE_Ethernet had become almost universal by 1990, and it was time to build Ethernet into Macs direct from the factory. However, the physical wiring used by these networks was not yet completely standardized. Apple solved this problem using a single port on the back of the computer into which the user could plug an adaptor for any given cabling system. This FriendlyNet system was based on the industry-standard Attachment Unit Interface or AUI, but deliberately chose a non-standard connector that was smaller and easier to use, which they called "Apple AUI", or AAUI. FriendlyNet was first introduced on the Quadra 700 and Quadra 900 computers, and used across much of the Mac line for some time. As with LocalTalk, a number of 3rd party FriendlyNet adaptors quickly appeared._NEWLINE_As 10BASE-T became the de facto cabling system for Ethernet, second-generation Power Macintosh machines added a 10BASE-T port in addition to AAUI. The PowerBook 3400c and lower-end Power Macs also added 10BASE-T. The Power Macintosh 7300/8600/9600 were the final Macs to include AAUI, and 10BASE-T became universal starting with the Power Macintosh G3 and PowerBook G3.
When AppleTalk was first introduced, the dominant office computing platform was the PC compatible running MS-DOS. Apple introduced the AppleTalk PC Card in early 1987, allowing PCs to join AppleTalk networks and print to LaserWriter printers. A year later AppleShare PC was released, allowing PCs to access AppleShare file servers._NEWLINE_The "TOPS Teleconnector" MS-DOS networking system over AppleTalk system enabled MS-DOS PCs to communicate over AppleTalk network hardware; it comprised an AppleTalk interface card for the PC and a suite of networking software allowing such functions as file, drive and printer sharing. As well as allowing the construction of a PC-only AppleTalk network, it allowed communication between PCs and Macs with TOPS software installed. (Macs without TOPS installed could use the same network but only to communicate with other Apple machines.) The Mac TOPS software did not match the quality of Apple's own either in ease of use or in robustness and freedom from crashes, but the DOS software was relatively simple to use in DOS terms, and was robust._NEWLINE_The BSD and Linux operating systems support AppleTalk through an open source project called Netatalk, which implements the complete protocol suite and allows them to both act as native file or print servers for Macintosh computers, and print to LocalTalk printers over the network._NEWLINE_The Windows Server operating systems supported AppleTalk starting with Windows NT and ending after Windows Server 2003.  Miramar included AppleTalk in its PC MacLAN product which was discontinued by CA in 2007. GroupLogic continues to bundle its AppleTalk protocol with its ExtremeZ-IP server software for Macintosh-Windows integration which supports Windows 2008 Server and Windows Vista as well prior versions. HELIOS Software GmbH offers a proprietary implementation of the AppleTalk protocol stack, as part of their HELIOS UB2 server. This is essentially a File and Print Server suite that runs on a whole range of different platforms._NEWLINE_In addition, Columbia University released the Columbia AppleTalk Package (CAP) which implemented the protocol suite for various Unix flavors including Ultrix, SunOS, *BSD and IRIX.  This package is no longer actively maintained.
The following code demonstrates how to use the map<string, int> to count occurrences of words.  It uses the word as the key and the count as the value._NEWLINE_#include <iostream>#include <string>#include <map>int main(){_NEWLINE_    std::map<std::string, int> wordcounts;_NEWLINE_    std::string s;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    while (std::cin >> s && s != "end")_NEWLINE_        ++wordcounts[s];_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    while (std::cin >> s && s != "end")_NEWLINE_        std::cout << s << ' ' << wordcounts[s] << '\n';}_NEWLINE_When executed, the user first types a series of words separated by spaces, and a word "end" to signify the end of input; then the user can input words to query how many times each word occurred in the previous series._NEWLINE_The above example also demonstrates that the operator [] inserts new objects (using the default constructor) in the map if there isn't one associated with the key. So integral types are zero-initialized, strings are initialized to empty strings, etc. _NEWLINE_The following example illustrates inserting elements into a map using the insert function and searching for a key using a map iterator and the find function:_NEWLINE_#include <iostream>#include <map>#include <utility> // make_pairint main(){_NEWLINE_    typedef std::map<char, int> MapType;_NEWLINE_    MapType my_map;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    // insert elements using insert function_NEWLINE_    my_map.insert(std::pair<char, int>('a', 1));_NEWLINE_    my_map.insert(std::pair<char, int>('b', 2));_NEWLINE_    my_map.insert(std::pair<char, int>('c', 3));_NEWLINE_    my_map.insert(MapType::value_type('d', 4)); // all standard containers provide this typedef_NEWLINE_    my_map.insert(std::make_pair('e', 5));      // can also use the utility function make_pair_NEWLINE_    my_map.insert({'f', 6});                    // using C++11 initializer list_NEWLINE_    _NEWLINE_    //map keys are sorted automatically from lower to higher. _NEWLINE_    //So, my_map.begin() points to the lowest key value not the key which was inserted first._NEWLINE_    MapType::iterator iter = my_map.begin();_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    // erase the first element using the erase function_NEWLINE_    my_map.erase(iter);_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    // output the size of the map_NEWLINE_    std::cout << "Size of my_map: " << my_map.size() << '\n';_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    std::cout << "Enter a key to search for: ";_NEWLINE_    char c;_NEWLINE_    std::cin >> c;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    // find will return an iterator to the matching element if it is found_NEWLINE_    // or to the end of the map if the key is not found_NEWLINE_    iter = my_map.find(c);_NEWLINE_    if (iter != my_map.end() ) _NEWLINE_        std::cout << "Value is: " << iter->second << '\n';_NEWLINE_    else_NEWLINE_        std::cout << "Key is not in my_map" << '\n';_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    // clear the entries in the map_NEWLINE_    my_map.clear();}_NEWLINE_In the above example, six elements are entered using the insertion function, and then the first element is deleted.  Then, the size of the map is output.  Next, the user is prompted for a key to search for.  Using the iterator, the find function searches for an element with the given key.  If it finds the key, the program prints the element's value.  If it does not find it, an iterator to the end of the map is returned and it outputs that the key could not be found.  Finally all the elements in the tree are erased.
Maps may use iterators to point to specific elements in the container. An iterator can access both the key and the mapped value of an element:_NEWLINE_map<Key,T>::iterator it; // declares a map iteratorit->first;               // the key value it->second;              // the mapped value(*it);                   // the "element value", which is of type:  pair<const Key,T>_NEWLINE_Below is an example of looping through a map to display all keys and values using iterators:_NEWLINE_#include <iostream>#include <string>#include <map>int main(){_NEWLINE_    std::map <std::string, int> data{_NEWLINE_     { "Bobs score", 10 },_NEWLINE_     { "Martys score", 15 },_NEWLINE_     { "Mehmets score", 34 },_NEWLINE_     { "Rockys score", 22 },_NEWLINE_     { "Rockys score", 23 } /*overwrites the 22 as keys are identical */_NEWLINE_    };_NEWLINE_    _NEWLINE_    // Iterate over the map and print out all key/value pairs._NEWLINE_    for (const auto& element : data)_NEWLINE_    {_NEWLINE_        std::cout << "Who(key = first): " << element.first;_NEWLINE_        std::cout << " Score(value = second): " << element.second << '\n';_NEWLINE_    }_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    return 0;}_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_For compiling above sample on GCC compiler, must use specific standard select flag._NEWLINE_g++ -std=c++11 source.cpp -o src_NEWLINE_This will output the keys and values of the entire map, sorted by keys.
With the decline of the Rohana sub-kingdom and the defeat of Polonnaruwa, coming with the rise of Chola power, i.e., from about the 13th century CE, these regions became wild. The many irrigation works (tanks etc., which exist even today) became home to malaria(see History of Sri Lanka). In the meantime, the eastern coastal region remained less affected by Malaria and began to be occupied. Thus seafaring people who had begun to settle down along_NEWLINE_the coast since the Anuradhapura times, c. 6th Century CE began to flourish. The forests continued to be dominated by the Veddha population which claimed kingship ("cross-cousins") with the Sinhala kings of Kandy._NEWLINE_Parakramabahu's coronation took place in 1236. He turned his attention to the recovery of Polonnaruwa from the Tamils, and achieved this purpose by 1244. In this connection two kings are mentioned, Kalinga Magha and Jaya Bahu, who had been in power forty years, apparently reckoned from the time of the military rule after Sahasa Malla. As the Tamil war' and the `Malala war' as specifically mentioned by contemporary chronicles the two kings may have held different parts of the country. In the king's eleventh year (1244/5) Lanka was invaded by Chandrabhanu, a Javanese (Javaka) from Tambralinga, with a host armed with blow-pipes and poisoned arrows: he may have been a sea-robber, and though now repulsed descended on the Island later on._NEWLINE_The rest of the reign according to the contemporary records was spent in pious works; the king also held a convocation for the purpose of reforming the priesthood, whose discipline had been relaxed during the Tamil occupation. The chronicles make no mention of a great Pandyan invasion which seems to have taken place between 1254 and 1256, in which one of the kings of Lanka was slain and the other rendered tributary. From this it is clear that Parakramabahu never had recovered the north of the Island, which certainly had been held by his great namesake.
Bellmac 32 has a program counter and 15 general-purpose 32-bit registers. Three of these are used to support the operating system and can be used when the microprocessor is in kernel mode. It has three other registers that are used by some instructions as stack pointers.
In mathematical optimization, Bland's rule (also known as Bland's algorithm, Bland's anti-cycling rule or Bland's pivot rule) is an algorithmic refinement of the simplex method for linear optimization._NEWLINE_With Bland's rule, the simplex algorithm solves feasible linear optimization problems without cycling._NEWLINE_The original simplex algorithm starts with an arbitrary basic feasible solution, and then changes the basis in order to increase the maximization target and find an optimal solution. Usually, the target indeed increases in every step, and thus after a bounded number of steps an optimal solution is found. However, there are examples of degenerate linear programs, on which the original simplex algorithm cycles forever. It gets stuck at a basic feasible solution (a corner of the feasible polytope) and changes bases in a cyclic way without increasing the maximization target._NEWLINE_Such cycles are avoided by Bland's rule for choosing a column to enter the basis._NEWLINE_Bland's rule was developed by Robert G. Bland, now a professor of operations research at Cornell University, while he was a research fellow at the Center for Operations Research and Econometrics in Belgium.
In the abstract setting of oriented matroids, Bland's rule cycles on some examples. A restricted class of oriented matroids on which Bland's rule avoids cycling has been termed "Bland oriented matroids" by Jack Edmonds. Another pivoting rule, the criss-cross algorithm, avoids cycles on all oriented-matroid linear-programs.
A Borobudur ship is the 8th-century wooden double outrigger sailing vessel of Maritime Southeast Asia depicted in some bas reliefs of the Borobudur Buddhist monument in Central Java, Indonesia. This has been designated as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The ships depicted on Borobudur were most likely the type of vessels used for inter-insular trades and naval campaigns by the Sailendran and Srivijayan thalassocracy empire that ruled the region around the 7th to the 13th century. The function of the outrigger was to stabilize the ship; a single or double outrigger canoe is the typical feature of the seafaring Austronesians vessels. It is considered by scholars to have been the most likely type of vessel used for their voyages and exploration across Southeast Asia, Oceania, and the Indian Ocean._NEWLINE_In the late 20th century, Philip Beale, a British sailor, became interested in depictions of the ship at Borobudur and decided to reconstruct one. Aided by government and international bodies, he organized an expedition team that constructed the ship and, from 2003 to 2004, sailed it from Indonesia to Madagascar and to Ghana, proving that long-distance trade had occurred. The Samudra Raksa Museum was constructed at Borobudur Archeological Park to house the ship, opening in 2005, and provides other displays to interpret the ancient maritime history of Indonesians.
Based on archeological and other evidence, scholars have learned that the bas reliefs of Borobudur depict the everyday life of 8th-century ancient Java, from courtly palace life to that of commoners in the village. An array of temple, marketplace, architecture, flora and fauna, dress, jewelry and fashion are portrayed, as well as modes of transportation including palanquins, horse carriages and ships._NEWLINE_In 1982, Philip Beale, a British sailor who previously served in the British Royal Navy, visited Borobudur to study traditional ships and marine traditions; he became fascinated with ten bas-relief images of ancient vessels depicted on Borobudur. He planned to reconstruct this ancient ship and to reenact the ancient maritime trade route. Working from very limited data — five stone carvings — but also his extensive naval experience, Beale organized an expedition team to reconstruct the ship and sail it from Jakarta in Indonesia to Madagascar, and then around the Cape of Good Hope to the west coast of Africa. He enlisted artisan experts and scholars in the effort._NEWLINE_Extensive research and design work preceded the building of the ship by a team of experienced Indonesian ship builders, based in the Kangean Islands some 60 miles north of Bali. Nick Burningham, an acknowledged expert on Indonesian watercraft and maritime archaeology, supervised the building of the vessel. The ship was built by Assad Abdullah al-Madani, a seasoned Indonesian traditional ship builder, and his men, with little more than a balsa wood model that Burningham had created to help him. The vessel is named Samudra Raksa (defender of the seas) and was inaugurated in Benoa Harbor, Bali on 15 July 2003 by the Minister for Tourism and Culture of the Republic of Indonesia, I Gede Ardika, together with Philippe Delanghe, UNESCO Office Jakarta Program Specialist for Culture._NEWLINE_The keel is 17.29 m long and the hull is about 19 m overall with a beam of 4.25 m and moulded depth of 2.25 m. The sailing draft was approximately 1.5 m. The ship was propelled by two layar tanja  (‘canted rectangular sails’). The hull planking was bungor (sometimes called ‘benteak’) and decks were teak._NEWLINE_The expedition took place during the 6 months from August 2003 until February 2004. It started in Tanjung Priok harbour, Jakarta on 30 August 2003, launched by President Megawati Sukarnoputri, and arrived in the port of Tema, Accra, Ghana on 23 February 2004. The epic voyage demonstrated ancient trading links between Indonesia and Africa (in particular Madagascar and East Africa). Vessels traveled by what was historically called the "Cinnamon shipping route" from Indonesian waters across the Indian Ocean to the Seychelles, Madagascar, and then past South Africa to Ghana for trade._NEWLINE_Today the Samudra Raksa is housed and displayed in Samudra Raksa Museum, located a few hundred meters north of Borobudur temple within the complex of Borobudur Archaeological Park. The Ship Museum Samudra Raksa was opened by Coordinating Minister for Welfare, Prof. Dr. Alwi Shihab of the Republic of Indonesia, on 31 August 2005. It was a tribute to the crew and all who worked with and supported the Borobudur Ship Expedition.
The Chamberlin trimetric projection is a map projection where three points are fixed on the globe and the points on the sphere are mapped onto a plane by triangulation. It was developed in 1946 by Wellman Chamberlin for the National Geographic Society._NEWLINE_Chamberlin was chief cartographer for the Society from 1964 to 1971._NEWLINE_The projection's principal feature is that it compromises between distortions of area, direction, and distance. A Chamberlin trimetric map therefore gives an excellent overall sense of the region being mapped._NEWLINE_Many National Geographic Society maps of single continents use this projection._NEWLINE_As originally implemented, the projection algorithm begins with the selection of three points near the outer boundary of the area to be mapped. From these three base points, the true distances to a point on the mapping area are calculated. The distances from each of the three base points are then drawn on the plane by compass circles. Unlike triangulation on a plane where three such compass circles will intersect at a unique point, the compass circles from a sphere do not intersect precisely at a point. A small triangle is generated from the intersections, and the center of this triangle is calculated as the mapped point._NEWLINE_A Chamberlin trimetric projection map was originally obtained by graphically mapping points at regular intervals of latitude and longitude, with shorelines and other features then mapped by interpolation. Based on the principles of the projection, precise, but lengthy, mathematical formulas were later developed for calculating this projection by computer for a spherical earth._NEWLINE_The Chamberlin trimetric projection is neither conformal nor equal-area. Rather, the projection was conceived to minimize distortion of distances everywhere with the side-effect of balancing between areal equivalence and conformality. This projection is not appropriate for mapping the entire sphere because the outer boundary would loop and overlap itself in most configurations.
After graduating with a degree in computer science from the University of Warwick, Lamb joined Playfire, a social networking website for video game players, as Technical Architect. After it was acquired in May 2012, he was a founding employee of fashion startup Thread.com participating in the Y Combinator seed accelerator. In 2015, Lamb left Thread to pursue freelancing. As a freelancer, Lamb has contributed to PureOS, a fully free GNU/Linux distribution based on Debian that has received endorsement from the Free Software Foundation and is shipped on the Librem devices manufactured by Purism, was the lead developer of a number of health care technologies such as MedicSpot, OpenSpirometer and Concept to Clinic, a data science competition to improve the automated detection of lung cancer.
Succeeding Mehdi Dogguy, Lamb successfully ran for the position of Debian Project Leader in 2017 and 2018. He was re-elected in 2018 and after announcing he would not run for third term he was succeeded by Sam Hartman in April 2019._NEWLINE_After contributing to the LilyPond packaging in December 2006, he became more involved in the Debian community and the project itself by working on Debian Live via the Google Summer of Code programmme. Early work in Debian revolved around contributing to the and Debian Installer as well as the X.org, JavaScript and Python packaging teams. In 2008, he became an official Debian Developer._NEWLINE_He is now part of the FTP Master team, responsible for legal and copyright issues as well as maintaining the state of packages and the archive, accepting and rejecting packages. Outside of these roles, he is a core contributor to the Lintian quality assurance tool and the Python packaging and quality assurance teams. He is also the author of many Debian-specific tools such as travis.debian.net, installation-birthday tools as well as the Debbugs Enhancement Suite Chrome browser extension. He also is a contributor to the Debian Long Term Support (LTS) initiative._NEWLINE_In 2019, Lamb received an award from Google for his work on Reproducible builds within Debian.
He also regularly contributes to the Tails operating system, Django web development framework and is also the author of a number of free and open-source tools such as Python bindings for the Shamir's Secret Sharing cryptographic algorithm, a Strava Chrome browser extension as well as a number of hacks such as a Sudoku solver implemented entirely within a PostScript document and a method of using strace to give the cp shell command a progress bar._NEWLINE_In 2018, due to licensing changes to several Redis Labs modules making them no longer free and open source, he forked versions from prior to the license change and now maintains changes to these modules under their original free licenses. Lamb has also been a reviewer and judge for the New York University Tandon School of Engineering's Cyber Security Awareness Week (CSAW), an annual conference where tens of thousands of students compete in events and learn skills in cyber security in 2017 and 2019.
Although Sendiri Lagi did fairly well, in the beginning of the 1990s Chrisye began to feel pressure from the increasingly visual-oriented music industry and growing amount of young talent. He again began considering leaving the music industry, feeling as if he had already "reached the finish line". Despite reassurances from Yanti that many singers continue to perform into their sixties, Chrisye observed that increasing numbers of established acts were being pushed aside by newcomers. While in this state of despair, Chrisye was approached by Jay Subyakto and Gauri Nasution, who offered him a solo concert at the Plenary Hall of the Jakarta Convention Centre, which had never before hosted a solo concert by an Indonesian artist. Unconvinced he had sufficient fans to fill the hall, Chrisye initially refused._NEWLINE_Gauri tried for several weeks to persuade Chrisye to commit to the concert, and following Chrisye's introduction to Erwin Gutawa, who was scheduled to handle the arrangements, Jay Subyakto succeeded in convincing him that it might be the last chance to revive his career. Lacking the necessary funding, they approached RCTI in search of sponsorship but were refused, and laughingly told that they should try holding a concert at the National Monument. Undeterred, Chrisye, Subaktyo, and Gutawa put together a group of artists and began rehearsals. Around the time of RCTI's fourth anniversary, the television station relented and agreed to fund the concert as part of their celebrations; the thousands of tickets available sold out within a week._NEWLINE_The concert, entitled Sendiri to demonstrate that "100% Indonesian" concerts could be successful, was held on 19 August 1994. Chrisye performed a set that included his greatest hits and several duets, among them "Malam Pertama" with Ruth Sahanaya, in front of a full orchestra conducted by Gutawa. Chrisye recalled later that the audience – children and adults – had memorised the lyrics to his songs, classics and recent releases; he said that this gesture made him feel incredibly small. Invigorated by the concert's success, Chrisye went on tour to Surabaya, Surakarta, and Bandung, using a convoy of 24 trucks and buses to transport the necessary equipment; those concerts also sold out._NEWLINE_Following the success of his Sendiri tour, Chrisye began to explore the possibility of producing an album of his early hits, remastered by Gutawa. On the condition that they use an Australian orchestra to provide backing music, Gutawa agreed to an acoustic-flavoured album. Aciu also agreed, despite the expected cost of Rp 600 million (US$70,000). After basic recording in Jakarta, Chrisye, Gutawa, and sound engineer Dany Lisapali spent two weeks in Studio 301 in Sydney finishing off the album. The Philip Hartl Chamber Orchestra provided the music; the mixing and mastering was also completed in Sydney. AkustiChrisye was released in 1996 and sold well._NEWLINE_After AkustiChrisye, Gutawa suggested that Chrisye try a new style, with more serious songs. The two soon began collaborating on Kala Cinta Menggoda, again using an Australian orchestra. Chrisye, however, found himself unable to record one of the songs, "Ketika Tangan dan Kaki Berkata" ("When Hands and Feet Speak"), written by poet Taufiq Ismail and based on verse 65 of the Qu'ranic sura Ya Sin; he would break into tears after singing only a couple of verses. Eventually, the day before he was to leave for Australia, he completed the song with Yanti's support. On 11 October Chrisye performed "Indonesia Perkasa" ("Powerful Indonesia") at the opening ceremony of the 1997 Southeast Asian Games; the song was written for the event. The following month he released Kala Cinta Menggoda. The music video for the titular song, directed by Dimas Djayadiningrat, won the MTV Video Music Award for South-East Asia on 10 September 1998; Chrisye went to Los Angeles to accept the award at the Universal Amphitheatre._NEWLINE_Chrisye began work on a rearrangement of Badai Pasti Berlalu in 1999 at the request of Musica Studios – although he felt that the original album was fine – and once again teamed up with Gutawa. The new album, which retained the title Badai Pasti Berlalu, cost Rp.800 million (US$95,000) to produce and promote, in part owing to the cost of employing an Australian orchestra, the Victorian Philharmonic Orchestra. After its release, the album sold well, breaking even within three months and selling 350,000 copies. The album led to Chrisye's second sold-out solo concert at the Plenary Hall of Jakarta Convention Centre, known as the Badai concert, and he received numerous offers to perform at venues throughout the country. He later told Kompas that he felt as if he had reached a dead end, having tried all genres available. He continued performing, singing "Indonesia Perkasa" at the opening ceremony of the 15th National Games on 19 June 2000 in Sidoarjo, East Java._NEWLINE_In 2001 Chrisye released the studio album Konser Tur 2001 (Concert Tour 2001), which included two new songs and several old ones. The music video for one of the new songs, "Setia" ("Loyal"), was controversial owing to its portrayal of a woman in tight clothing. Soon afterwards, Chrisye decided to cover some of what he considered the most important Indonesian songs since the country's independence in 1945, ranging from songs from the 1940s like Ismail Marzuki's "Kr. Pasar Gambir & Stambul Anak Jampang" ("Kroncong of Gambir Market and Stambul of the Cowlicked Child"), to the late 1990s such as Ahmad Dhani's "Kangen" ("Longing"). It also featured a song written exclusively for the album by Pongky of Jikustik and two duets with Sophia Latjuba. The album, Dekade (Decade), was released in 2002; by October 2003 it had sold 350,000 copies. On 15 December 2002 Chrisye participated in the Bali for the World – Voices of Stars concert at Kartika Beach Plaza to raise funds for the victims of the bombings on 12 October; other acts involved included Melly Goeslaw, Gigi, Slank, and Superman is Dead. On 12 July 2004 Chrisye held a third concert, Dekade, at Plenary Hall. The concert, with a set that contained numerous classics included in Dekade, featured duets with Sophia Latjuba and several of the original performers, such as Fariz RM with "Sakura" and A. Rafiq with "Pengalaman Pertama" ("First Experience"); Gutawa's orchestra again provided the music._NEWLINE_Chrisye then began work on his last studio album, Senyawa (One Soul). In collaboration with other Indonesian artists including Project Pop, Ungu, and Peterpan, he also produced the album, replacing Gutawa. The song "Bur-Kat" ("Say It Quickly"), with Project Pop, marked his first attempt at rap. Released in November 2004, the album was well received by the market, but Sony Music Entertainment Indonesia complained that the names of their artists were featured on the cover. As a result, the album was withdrawn, and re-released without the offending names.
The CompactRIO system is a combination of a real-time controller chassis, reconfigurable IO Modules (RIO), an FPGA module and an Ethernet expansion chassis. Third-party modules are also available, and are generally compatible with NI-produced chassis controllers._NEWLINE_CompactRIO real-time controllers include a microprocessor for implementing control algorithms, and support a wide range of clock frequencies. Controllers are only compatible with National Instruments C Series I/O Modules. I/O modules are hot swappable (can be connected/disconnected while the unit is powered up)._NEWLINE_The FPGA Module may be used to implement high-performance data processing on reconfigurable fabric. Such data processing may be performed on data streaming in from connected I/O Modules. The module is powered by a Xilinx Virtex high-performance FPGA. The FPGA can be programmed separately and is connected to the real-time controller using an internal PCI bus._NEWLINE_The Ethernet chassis includes an Ethernet port (8P8C), which can connect the CompactRIO controller to a PC. The chassis is available in 4 slot and 8 slot varieties._NEWLINE_Third-party modules are manufactured for additional features, such as LCD or VGA displays. Newer, high-performance CompactRIO controllers also have built-in VGA graphics which can be connected to a monitor for observing operation.
CompactRIO controllers can be programmed with LabVIEW, National Instruments' graphical programming language, C or C++ or Java. LabVIEW must be used to program the embedded FPGA._NEWLINE_The controller comes with a Linux based RTOS, NI Linux Real-Time, created as part of the Linux Foundation's Real-Time Linux Collaborative Project. Programs created in LabVIEW are compiled into machine code for NI Linux Real-Time and hardware description language (HDL) for the Xilinx FPGA toolchain automatically during deployment of the code to the target._NEWLINE_The Linux Real-Time OS running in the real-time controller supports a filesystem and hence data logging is also available at the controller level. The Full Development System version of LabVIEW does not come with the modules needed to program the cRIO. The Real-Time Module and FPGA Modules have to be purchased separately and installed with LabVIEW for programming the hardware. The programming is done on a Host PC running the Windows operating system and is deployed on the cRIO via Ethernet.
While the practicality of CBCT fosters its increasing application in IR, technical limitations hinder its integration into the field. The two most significant factors that affect successful integration are image quality and time (for set up, image acquisition, and image reconstruction). Compared to multidetector computed tomography (MDCT), the wider collimation in CBCT leads to increased scatter radiation and degradation of image quality as demonstrated by artifacts and decreased contrast-to-noise ratio. The temporal resolution of cesium iodide detectors in CBCT slows data acquisition time to approximately 5 to 20 seconds, which increases motion artifacts. The time required for image reconstruction takes longer for CBCT (1 minute) compared to MDCT (real time) due to the computationally demanding cone beam reconstruction algorithms.
The Hounsfield scale is used to measure radiodensity and, in reference to medical-grade CT scans, can provide an accurate absolute density for the type of tissue depicted.  The radiodensity, measured in Hounsfield Units (HU, also known as CT number) is inaccurate in CBCT scans because different areas in the scan appear with different greyscale values depending on their relative positions in the organ being scanned, despite possessing identical densities, because the image value of a voxel of an organ depends on the position in the image volume.  HU measured from the same anatomical area with both CBCT and medical-grade CT scanners are not identical and are thus unreliable for determination of site-specific, radiographically-identified bone density for purposes such as the placement of dental implants, as there is "no good data to relate the CBCT HU values to bone quality."_NEWLINE_Although some authors have supported the use of CBCT technology to evaluate bone density by measuring HU, such support is provided erroneously because scanned regions of the same density in the skull can have a different grayscale value in the reconstructed CBCT dataset._NEWLINE_X-ray attenuation of CBCT acquisition systems currently produces different HU values for similar bony and soft tissue structures in different areas of the scanned volume (e.g. dense bone has a specific image value at the level of the menton, but the same bone has a significantly different image value at the level of the cranial base)._NEWLINE_Dental CBCT systems do not employ a standardized system for scaling the grey levels that represent the reconstructed density values and, as such, they are arbitrary and do not allow for assessment of bone quality.  In the absence of such a standardization, it is difficult to interpret the grey levels or impossible to compare the values resulting from different machines.  While there is a general acknowledgment that this deficiency exists with CBCT systems (in that they do not correctly display HU), there has been little research conducted to attempt to correct this deficiency._NEWLINE_With time, further advancements in CBCT reconstruction algorithms will allow for improved area detectors, and this, together with enhanced postprocessing, will likely solve or reduce this problem.  A method for establishing attenuation coefficients with which actual HU values can be derived from CBCT HU values was published in 2010 and further research is currently under way to perfect this method in vivo.
Dhien was brought to Banda Aceh and her myopia and arthritis slowly healed. She was sent into exile to Sumedang, West Java because the Dutch were afraid she would mobilize the resistance of Aceh people. In May 2, 1964 she was posthumously proclaimed a National Hero by President Sukarno.
Born Llewellyn Bevan Wyndham Lewis to a family of Welsh origin then living in Seaforth, he dropped his first name and replaced it with "Dominic" following his conversion to Roman Catholicism in 1921. After schooling in Cardiff, he served in the Welch Regiment during World War I. He twice suffered from shell-shock while serving in France and contracted malaria on being assigned to Macedonia. On 29 October 1918, Lewis married Winifred Mary (Jane) Holland, with whom he had one daughter, the future actress Angela Wyndham Lewis. The couple divorced in 1926 and in July 1933 Lewis married Dorothy Anne Robertson, with whom he had two sons._NEWLINE_Lewis had originally intended to take up a legal career, but after the war he decided on journalism and joined the Daily Express, where he was briefly the newspaper's Literary Editor. In 1919 he was put in charge of the paper's humorous 'By the Way' column and adopted the pen name Beachcomber. A selection of these was published as At the Green Goose in 1923. From there he moved on to the Daily Mail, where he contributed a column called 'At the Sign of the Blue Moon', selections from which were published in 1924 and 1925._NEWLINE_Wyndham-Lewis lived in Paris from the mid-1920s while doing historical research for his entertaining biography of François Villon. Later biographies of French subjects included Louis XI, the Emperor Charles V, Ronsard, Molière, Rabelais and Gilles de Rais. He also wrote works on Boswell,  Goya and Cervantes._NEWLINE_After returning to Britain, Lewis published as 'Mustard and Cress' in the Sunday Referee until 1935 and then returned as a columnist to the Daily Mail, and later a decade-long column as Timothy Shy for the News Chronicle. In addition, he co-wrote, with Charles Bennett, the screenplay for the first version of Alfred Hitchcock's The Man Who Knew Too Much (1934). This was followed by other film scripts during the 1930s._NEWLINE_Wyndham-Lewis also made a name for himself as a compiler of the facetious anthology The Stuffed Owl, co-edited with Charles Lee in 1930. A collection of 'good Bad Verse', it featured excerpts from well-known authors at considerably less than their best as well as many others now forgotten. This was followed in 1936 by The Nonsensibus, "driven by D.B.Wyndham Lewis". In 1952 he collaborated with Ronald Searle on The Terror of St Trinian's (under the pen name 'Timothy Shy')._NEWLINE_He was no relation to (though often confused with) his contemporary, the painter and author Percy Wyndham Lewis.
A DDC consists of three subcomponents: a direct digital synthesizer (DDS), a low-pass filter (LPF), and a downsampler (which may be integrated into the low-pass filter)._NEWLINE_The DDS generates a complex sinusoid at the intermediate frequency (IF). Multiplication of the intermediate frequency with the input signal creates images centered at the sum and difference frequency (which follows from the frequency shifting properties of the Fourier transform). The lowpass filters pass the difference (i.e. baseband) frequency while rejecting the sum frequency image, resulting in a complex baseband representation of the original signal. Assuming judicious choice of IF and LPF bandwidth, the complex baseband signal is mathematically equivalent to the original signal. In its new form, it can readily be downsampled and is more convenient to many DSP algorithms._NEWLINE_Any suitable low-pass filter can be used including FIR, IIR and CIC filters. The most common choice is a FIR filter for low amounts of decimation (less than ten) or a CIC filter followed by a FIR filter for larger downsampling ratios.
Digitek was an early system software company located in Los Angeles, California._NEWLINE_Digitek, co-founded in the early 1960s by three equal partners (James R. Dunlap, President plus Vice Presidents Donald Ryan and Donald Peckham who had worked together at Hughes Aircraft Company, in Culver City, California ), authored many of the programming language systems (compiler + runtime + intrinsic library) on various manufacturers' computer systems, including IBM, SDS, GE, Bell Labs, and many others.  In the 1960s Digitek advertised frequently in Scientific American and Datamation magazines._NEWLINE_Digitek dissolved when taken to task by GE for failing to deliver a promised PL/I compiler for the Multics project. Don Peckham was bought out. With Dave McFarland, also from Digitek, Don Ryan founded Ryan−McFarland which continued the compiler writing work.
Digitek's first compiler customer was Scientific Data Systems (SDS), a computer mainframe hardware company founded by Max Palevsky in 1961 and later acquired by Xerox in 1969._NEWLINE_Digitek wrote language systems for almost every popular programming language at the time including FORTRAN, PL/I, SIMSCRIPT, COBOL, and BASIC.  Some Digitek compilers are the IBM System 360 G Level FORTRAN and Bell Labs PL/I.  Due to their implementation in a virtual machine technology called POPS (for "Programmed Operators"), the company's compilers could be developed rapidly and had a common "footprint".  This later allowed a successor company, Ryan-McFarland Corporation, to capitalize on the rapid expansion of the microcomputer market in the late 1970s and early 1980s by providing POPS-based compilers to virtually all of the emerging computer vendors at the time. Among these products were RM/COBOL and RM/BASIC for Tandy's TRS-80, and IBM Professional FORTRAN (and its twin, RM/FORTRAN) for MS-DOS.  Ryan-McFarland was sold to an Australian company (Austec) in 1987, and the POPS-based compiler technology was subsequently sold to Language Processors, Inc. (later renamed Liant Software Corporation).  Liant was purchased by Micro Focus International in 2008, where the technology, in the form of the RM/COBOL-85 compiler and runtime system, is being sold. In 2017, applications built using this POPS implementation of COBOL are still in widespread use throughout the world._NEWLINE_Lahey Computer Systems F77L was also a POPS-based Fortran 77 compiler, for MS-DOS.  Don Ryan, Thomas M Lahey, Doug Ahl, Noel Vasquez, David McFarland, and Jack Perrine (developer of Univac 1108 Fortran V and Athena Fortran) had all worked at Digitek at the same time.
Other prominent nonlinear techniques include manifold learning techniques such as Isomap, locally linear embedding (LLE), Hessian LLE, Laplacian eigenmaps, and methods based on tangent space analysis. These techniques construct a low-dimensional data representation using a cost function that retains local properties of the data, and can be viewed as defining a graph-based kernel for Kernel PCA._NEWLINE_More recently, techniques have been proposed that, instead of defining a fixed kernel, try to learn the kernel using semidefinite programming. The most prominent example of such a technique is maximum variance unfolding (MVU). The central idea of MVU is to exactly preserve all pairwise distances between nearest neighbors (in the inner product space), while maximizing the distances between points that are not nearest neighbors._NEWLINE_An alternative approach to neighborhood preservation is through the minimization of a cost function that measures differences between distances in the input and output spaces. Important examples of such techniques include: classical multidimensional scaling, which is identical to PCA; Isomap, which uses geodesic distances in the data space; diffusion maps, which use diffusion distances in the data space; t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding (t-SNE), which minimizes the divergence between distributions over pairs of points; and curvilinear component analysis._NEWLINE_A different approach to nonlinear dimensionality reduction is through the use of autoencoders, a special kind of feed-forward neural networks with a bottle-neck hidden layer. The training of deep encoders is typically performed using a greedy layer-wise pre-training (e.g., using a stack of restricted Boltzmann machines) that is followed by a finetuning stage based on backpropagation.
For high-dimensional datasets (i.e. with number of dimensions more than 10), dimension reduction is usually performed prior to applying a K-nearest neighbors algorithm (k-NN) in order to avoid the effects of the curse of dimensionality._NEWLINE_Feature extraction and  dimension reduction can be combined in one step using principal component analysis (PCA),  linear discriminant analysis (LDA), canonical correlation analysis (CCA), or non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) techniques as a pre-processing step followed by clustering by K-NN on feature vectors in reduced-dimension space. In machine learning this process is also called low-dimensional embedding._NEWLINE_For very-high-dimensional datasets (e.g. when performing similarity search on live video streams, DNA data or high-dimensional time series) running a fast approximate K-NN search using locality sensitive hashing, random projection, "sketches"  or other high-dimensional similarity search  techniques from the VLDB toolbox might be the only feasible option.
The first attempt at a Europe-wide chart was the Europarade, which was started in early 1976 by the Dutch TROS radio network. The chart initially consisted of only six countries: the Netherlands, UK, France, Germany, Belgium and Spain. In 1979 Italy and Denmark were added and during 1980, Austria and Switzerland were included. Ireland was added as the eleventh country in October 1983. The compilers collected the top 15 records from each country and then awarded corresponding points, depending which positions between 1 and 15 each record stood at. The "Europarade" was published in Music Week and the Dutch magazine Hitkrant.
Faceted search is a technique which involves augmenting traditional search techniques with a faceted navigation system, allowing users to narrow down search results by applying multiple filters based on faceted classification of the items.  A faceted classification system classifies each information element along multiple explicit dimensions, called facets, enabling the classifications to be accessed and ordered in multiple ways rather than in a single, pre-determined, taxonomic order._NEWLINE_Facets correspond to properties of the information elements. They are often derived by analysis of the text of an item using entity extraction techniques or from pre-existing fields in a database such as author, descriptor, language, and format. Thus, existing web-pages, product descriptions or online collections of articles can be augmented with navigational facets._NEWLINE_Within the academic community, faceted search has attracted interest primarily among library and information science researchers, and to some extent among computer science researchers specializing in information retrieval.
Minecraft is a sandbox video game which places players in a 3D procedurally generated world. As a player walks in any direction, the game generates terrain ahead of them, creating (in theory) a virtually infinite world for the player to explore. However, due to computational limits in earlier versions of the game, at a distance of roughly 12,500 kilometres (7,800 mi) from the center of the world the terrain generation algorithm behaves unexpectedly, creating a sudden warped landscape. Markus Persson, the original developer of Minecraft, commented that "Walking that far will take a very long time. Besides, the bugs add mystery and charisma to the Far Lands." The name "Far Lands" was adopted by the community to refer to this area. Persson also said it would be "impossible to reach the Far Lands" and Kurt took that as a challenge._NEWLINE_Due to changes to the game's code, recent versions of the game do not contain the same error, and terrain continues to generate normally at distances up to 30,000 kilometres (19,000 mi) from the center of the world. Kurt has continued to record his series in an older version of the game where the Far Lands are still present.
Financial thriller is a subgenre of thriller fiction in which the financial system and economy play a major role. The novel The Financier (1912) by Theodore Dreiser displays elements of a financial thriller. Paul Erdman helped popularize the modern financial thriller, with The Billion Dollar Sure Thing (1973). The former president of a Swiss bank, he penned the novel while in jail awaiting trial on fraud charges related to speculating in the cocoa market._NEWLINE_In many cases the protagonist of a financial thriller is a financial professional such as Christian Slater’s character in the 2005 film The Deal, or John Kent in Martin Bodenham's 2011 novel, The Geneva Connection. Often, the plot centers on a financial crime. It may be a crime that merely enriches a small number of individuals as with The Millionaires by Brad Meltzer, or one that threatens the entire financial system, as in Tom Clancy’s Debt of Honor. In "Flash Crash," by Denison Hatch the financial crime involves an algorithmic programmer ("quant") who is blackmailed into writing a program that will crash the international gold markets._NEWLINE_Financial thrillers are often used as morality plays to illustrate the evils of greed, as in Black Money (1995), by Michael M. Thomas._NEWLINE_In the wake of the late-2000s financial crisis, some financial thrillers took on educational roles. The 2011 HBO TV-movie Too Big to Fail is, in the words of Jesse Eisinger, "extraordinarily revealing about the financial crisis" but not always in a helpful way. For example, Eisinger says, "The government gave the banks money but didn't get voting rights and didn't prevent the banks from using the money to pay dividends or bonuses. They wrote what was essentially a blank check...It's left to the hapless PR woman...to wonder why, if the government is saving these institutions, it couldn't impose any limits on how the money be used."  Another film in this genre is J. C. Chandor's Margin Call._NEWLINE_The novel The Economics of Ego Surplus: A Novel About the Global Economy (2010) by Paul McDonnold (originally subtitled "A Novel of Economic Terrorism") involves Kyle Linwood, a teacher, graduate student going for his doctorate in economics, and former victim of Libyan terrorist kidnappers, whose knowledge of Africa and economics become important when the U.S. stock market begins crashing due to massive and inexplicable sales. According to the Book Dilettante, "The author explains supply and demand, recession and inflation, the history of economics and Adam Smith, Keynes['] economic theory, the theory of contemporary neoclassical economists, and does so in a way that even high school students would understand[.]"
During the 1980s the Turing Institute had been involved in a wide range of robotics activities and had developed links with many leading robotics laboratories as a result of both student exchange and a series of collaborative research projects._NEWLINE_The event was conceived and directed by Dr Peter Mowforth, Director of the Turing Institute, as an events-based meetup for robot enthusiasts and builders. Although there had been single event competitions and national events for competing robots, this was the first time that such a large, varied and international Robot Competition had taken place._NEWLINE_Many of the robots that came to the event reflected key research themes that were present at the time. For example, the two-wheeled balancing 'torch carrying' (pre-Segway) robot that opened the event was associated with the Institute's work on using machine learning applied to the inverted pendulum_NEWLINE_Strathclyde University was an academic associate of and adjacent to the Turing Institute. The University made their sports hall complex available for the two day event.
Prof. David Baker, a protein research scientist at the University of Washington, founded the Foldit project. Seth Cooper was the lead game designer. Before starting the project, Baker and his laboratory coworkers relied on another research project named Rosetta to predict the native structures of various proteins using special computer protein structure prediction algorithms. Rosetta was eventually extended to use the power of distributed computing: The Rosetta@home program was made available for public download, and displayed its protein-folding progress as a screensaver. Its results were sent to a central server for verification._NEWLINE_Some Rosetta@home users became frustrated when they saw ways to solve protein structures, but could not interact with the program. Hoping that humans could improve the computers' attempts to solve protein structures, Baker approached David Salesin and Zoran Popović, computer science professors at the same university, to help conceptualize and build an interactive program, a video game, that would appeal to the public and help efforts to find native protein structures.
Foldit attempts to apply the human brain's three-dimensional pattern matching and spatial reasoning abilities to help solve the problem of protein structure prediction. 2016 puzzles are based on well-understood proteins. By analysing how humans intuitively approach these puzzles, researchers hope to improve the algorithms used by protein-folding software._NEWLINE_Foldit includes a series of tutorials where users manipulate simple protein-like structures and a periodically updated set of puzzles based on real proteins. It shows a graphical representation of each protein which users can manipulate using a set of tools.
He made his debut for Spartak Myjava on 29 March 2014 against FC Nitra, entering in as a substitute in place of Tomáš Bruško in the 69th minute of the game. After Myjava withdrew from Fortuna Liga during the winter break in 2016–17 season, Bilovský joined Czech top-division club Dukla Prague, where he had spent some 2 years. After this spell, he returned to Slovakia, signing for FC Nitra on 23 January 2019, being understood as partial replacement for Andrej Fábry, who left Nitra for Czech top-division club Jablonec.
The license is very similar to the 2-clause Simplified BSD License used by the rest of FreeBSD, however, it makes the meanings of "source code" and "compile" less ambiguous in the context of documentation. It also includes a mandatory disclaimer about IEEE and Open Group text in some manual pages._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_The FreeBSD Documentation License_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Copyright 1994-2015 The FreeBSD Project. All rights reserved._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Redistribution and use in source (SGML DocBook) and 'compiled' forms (SGML, HTML, PDF, PostScript, _NEWLINE_RTF and so forth) with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are _NEWLINE_met:_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    1. Redistributions of source code (SGML DocBook) must retain the above copyright notice, this list of _NEWLINE_       conditions and the following disclaimer as the first lines of this file unmodified._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    2. Redistributions in compiled form (transformed to other DTDs, converted to PDF, PostScript, RTF _NEWLINE_       and other formats) must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the _NEWLINE_       following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_THIS DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY THE FREEBSD DOCUMENTATION PROJECT "AS IS" _NEWLINE_AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF _NEWLINE_MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL _NEWLINE_THE FREEBSD DOCUMENTATION PROJECT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, _NEWLINE_EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF _NEWLINE_SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) _NEWLINE_HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR _NEWLINE_TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS _NEWLINE_DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE._NEWLINE_Manual Pages_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Manual Pages_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Some FreeBSD manual pages contain text from the IEEE Std 1003.1, 2004 Edition, Standard for _NEWLINE_Information Technology -- Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX®) specification. These manual _NEWLINE_pages are subject to the following terms:_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and The Open Group, have given us _NEWLINE_    permission to reprint portions of their documentation._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    In the following statement, the phrase ``this text'' refers to portions of the system _NEWLINE_    documentation._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    Portions of this text are reprinted and reproduced in electronic form in the FreeBSD manual _NEWLINE_    pages, from IEEE Std 1003.1, 2004 Edition, Standard for Information Technology -- _NEWLINE_    Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX), The Open Group Base Specifications Issue _NEWLINE_    6, Copyright (C) 2001-2004 by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc and _NEWLINE_    The Open Group. In the event of any discrepancy between these versions and the original _NEWLINE_    IEEE and The Open Group Standard, the original IEEE and The Open Group Standard is the _NEWLINE_    referee document. The original Standard can be obtained online at _NEWLINE_    http://www.opengroup.org/unix/online.html._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    This notice shall appear on any product containing this material.
In computer science, future, promise, delay, and deferred refer to constructs used for synchronizing program execution in some concurrent programming languages. They describe an object that acts as a proxy for a result that is initially unknown, usually because the computation of its value is not yet complete._NEWLINE_The term promise was proposed in 1976 by Daniel P. Friedman and David Wise,_NEWLINE_and Peter Hibbard called it eventual._NEWLINE_A somewhat similar concept future was introduced in 1977 in a paper by Henry Baker and Carl Hewitt._NEWLINE_The terms future, promise, delay, and deferred are often used interchangeably, although some differences in usage between future and promise are treated below. Specifically, when usage is distinguished, a future is a read-only placeholder view of a variable, while a promise is a writable, single assignment container which sets the value of the future. Notably, a future may be defined without specifying which specific promise will set its value, and different possible promises may set the value of a given future, though this can be done only once for a given future. In other cases a future and a promise are created together and associated with each other: the future is the value, the promise is the function that sets the value – essentially the return value (future) of an asynchronous function (promise). Setting the value of a future is also called resolving, fulfilling, or binding it.
Use of futures may be implicit (any use of the future automatically obtains its value, as if it were an ordinary reference) or explicit (the user must call a function to obtain the value, such as the get method of java.util.concurrent.Future or java.util.concurrent.CompletableFuture in Java). Obtaining the value of an explicit future can be called stinging or forcing. Explicit futures can be implemented as a library, whereas implicit futures are usually implemented as part of the language._NEWLINE_The original Baker and Hewitt paper described implicit futures, which are naturally supported in the actor model of computation and pure object-oriented programming languages like Smalltalk. The Friedman and Wise paper described only explicit futures, probably reflecting the difficulty of efficiently implementing implicit futures on stock hardware.  The difficulty is that stock hardware does not deal with futures for primitive data types like integers. For example, an add instruction does not know how to deal with 3 + future  factorial(100000). In pure actor or object languages this problem can be solved by sending future  factorial(100000) the message +[3], which asks the future to add 3 to itself and return the result.  Note that the message passing approach works regardless of when factorial(100000) finishes computation and that no stinging/forcing is needed.
Future is a particular case of Event (synchronization primitive), which can be completed only once. In general, events can be reset to initial empty state and, thus, completed as many times as you like._NEWLINE_An I-var (as in the language Id) is a future with blocking semantics as defined above. An I-structure is a data structure containing I-vars. A related synchronization construct that can be set multiple times with different values is called an M-var. M-vars support atomic operations to take or put the current value, where taking the value also sets the M-var back to its initial empty state._NEWLINE_A concurrent logic variable is similar to a future, but is updated by unification, in the same way as logic variables in logic programming. Thus it can be bound more than once to unifiable values, but cannot be set back to an empty or unresolved state. The dataflow variables of Oz act as concurrent logic variables, and also have blocking semantics as mentioned above._NEWLINE_A concurrent constraint variable is a generalization of concurrent logic variables to support constraint logic programming: the constraint may be narrowed multiple times, indicating smaller sets of possible values. Typically there is a way to specify a thunk that should run whenever the constraint is narrowed further; this is needed to support constraint propagation.
The evaluation strategy of futures, which may be termed call by future, is non-deterministic: the value of a future will be evaluated at some time between when the future is created and when its value is used, but the precise time is not determined beforehand and can change from run to run.  The computation can start as soon as the future is created (eager evaluation) or only when the value is actually needed (lazy evaluation), and may be suspended part-way through, or executed in one run.  Once the value of a future is assigned, it is not recomputed on future accesses; this is like the memoization used in call by need._NEWLINE_A lazy future is a future that deterministically has lazy evaluation semantics: the computation of the future's value starts when the value is first needed, as in call by need. Lazy futures are of use in languages which evaluation strategy is by default not lazy. For example, in C++11 such lazy futures can be created by passing the std::launch::deferred launch policy to std::async, along with the function to compute the value.
The future and/or promise constructs were first implemented in programming languages such as MultiLisp and Act 1. The use of logic variables for communication in concurrent logic programming languages was quite similar to futures. These began in Prolog with Freeze and IC Prolog, and became a true concurrency primitive with Relational Language, Concurrent Prolog, guarded Horn clauses (GHC), Parlog, Strand, Vulcan, Janus, Oz-Mozart, Flow Java, and Alice ML. The single-assignment I-var from dataflow programming languages, originating in Id and included in Reppy's Concurrent ML, is much like the concurrent logic variable._NEWLINE_The promise pipelining technique (using futures to overcome latency) was invented by Barbara Liskov and Liuba Shrira in 1988, and independently by Mark S. Miller, Dean Tribble and Rob Jellinghaus in the context of Project Xanadu circa 1989._NEWLINE_The term promise was coined by Liskov and Shrira, although they referred to the pipelining mechanism by the name call-stream, which is now rarely used._NEWLINE_Both the design described in Liskov and Shrira's paper, and the implementation of promise pipelining in Xanadu, had the limit that promise values were not first-class: an argument to, or the value returned by a call or send could not directly be a promise (so the example of promise pipelining given earlier, which uses a promise for the result of one send as an argument to another, would not have been directly expressible in the call-stream design or in the Xanadu implementation).  It seems that promises and call-streams were never implemented in any public release of Argus, the programming language used in the Liskov and Shrira paper. Argus development stopped around 1988. The Xanadu implementation of promise pipelining only became publicly available with the release of the source code for Udanax Gold in 1999, and was never explained in any published document. The later implementations in Joule and E support fully first-class promises and resolvers._NEWLINE_Several early actor languages, including the Act series, supported both parallel message passing and pipelined message processing, but not promise pipelining. (Although it is technically possible to implement the last of these features in the first two, there is no evidence that the Act languages did so.)_NEWLINE_After 2000, a major revival of interest in futures and promises occurred, due to their use in responsiveness of user interfaces, and in web development, due to the request–response model of message-passing. Several mainstream languages now have language support for futures and promises, most notably popularized by FutureTask in Java 5 (announced 2004) and the async and await constructions in .NET 4.5 (announced 2010, released 2012) largely inspired by the asynchronous workflows of F#, which dates to 2007. This has subsequently been adopted by other languages, notably Dart (2014), Python (2015), Hack (HHVM), and drafts of ECMAScript 7 (JavaScript), Scala, and C++.
The Gesellschaft für Informatik was founded in Bonn, Germany, on September 16, 1969. Initially aimed primarily at researchers, it expanded in the mid-1970s to include  computer science professionals, and in 1978 it founded its journal Informatik Spektrum to reach this broader audience._NEWLINE_The Deutsche Informatik-Akademie in Bonn was founded in 1987 by the Gesellschaft für Informatik in order to provide seminars and continuing education for computer science professionals. In 1990, the Gesellschaft für Informatik contributed to the founding of the International Conference and Research Center for Computer Science (renamed since as the Leibniz Center for Informatics) at Dagstuhl; since its founding, Schloss Dagstuhl has become a major center for international academic workshops._NEWLINE_In 1983, the Gesellschaft für Informatik became a member society of the International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP), taking over the role of representing Germany from the Deutsche Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Rechenanlagen._NEWLINE_In 1989, it joined the Council of European Professional Informatics Societies.
The main activity of the association is to support the professional development of its members in every aspect of the rapidly changing field of informatics. In order to realise this aim the Gesellschaft für Informatik maintains a large number of committees, special interest groups, and working groups in the field of theory of computation, artificial intelligence, bioinformatics, software engineering, human computer interaction, databases, technical informatics, graphics and information visualisation, business informatics, legal aspects of computing, computer science education, social computing, and computer security._NEWLINE_Up to now the GI runs more than 30 local groups in cooperation with  the German chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery.[2][6] _NEWLINE_Other important GI activities include raising public awareness of informatics, including its benefits and risks. Lobbying activities have been organised by the office in Berlin since 2013. Additionally, the GI runs programmes designed for young people and women to foster interest in informatics._NEWLINE_In addition to the Informatik Spektrum, which is the journal of the society, most of the society's special interest groups maintain their own journals. Overall the society has approximately 40 regular publications, and it sponsors a similar number of conferences and events annually. Many of these conferences have their proceedings published in the GI's book series, Lecture Notes in Informatics, which also publishes Ph.D. thesis abstracts and research monographs._NEWLINE_Every two years, the Gesellschaft für Informatik awards the Konrad Zuse Medal to an outstanding German computer science researcher. It also offers prizes for the best Ph.D. thesis, for computer science education, for practical innovations, and for teams of student competitors. Each year beginning in 2002, the GI has elected a small number of its members as fellows, its highest membership category.
One of the biggest informatics conferences in the German-speaking world is the INFORMATIK. The conference is organised in cooperation with universities, each year in a different location. More than 1.000 participants visit workshops and keynotes regarding current challenges in the field of information technology. In addition, several special interest groups organise large meetings with an international reputation, for example the „Software Engineering (SE)“,  the „Multikonferenz Wirtschaftsinformatik (MKWI), the „Mensch-Computer-Interaktion (MCI)“ and the „Datenbanksysteme für Business, Technologie und Web(BTW)“._NEWLINE_The Detection of Intrusions and Malware, and Vulnerability Assessment event, designed to serve as a general forum for discussing malware and the vulnerability of computing systems to attacks, is another annual project under the auspices of the organization. Its last conference was held from 6 July to 7 July in the city of Bonn, Germany, being sponsored by entities such as Google, Rohde & Schwarz, and VMRay.
S.No._NEWLINE_Year_NEWLINE_Milestones_NEWLINE_1.1852The Institute is declared open as an Anglo-Vernacular School by the Coimbatore District Collector Mr. Thomas during British rule._NEWLINE_2.1861The Institute is upgraded as Middle school under the Headship of Mr. T.G. Davis_NEWLINE_3.1867The Institute is upgraded as High School under the Headship of Mr. Flanagan._NEWLINE_4.1868The Institute started offering Pre-University Course in FA_NEWLINE_5.1869Pre-university classes are Initiated_NEWLINE_6.1870Mr. R. Krishna Iyer – The very first graduate of the Institute._NEWLINE_7.1914Mr. K.S. Vaithyanatha Iyer – The first Indian Principal of the Institute_NEWLINE_8.1919The Institution is undertaken by the Government of Tamilnadu_NEWLINE_9.1931The college shifted to present premises_NEWLINE_10.1932First women joined in the Institute_NEWLINE_11.1946Commencement of Under Graduate Programme in Mathematics, Zoology, Commerce._NEWLINE_12.1948Commencement of Under Graduate Programme in Economics and History_NEWLINE_13.1950Commencement of Under Graduate Programme in Geography_NEWLINE_14.1952Commencement of Under Graduate Programme on Classical Languages (B.O.L)_NEWLINE_15.1953Centenary Celebrations_NEWLINE_16.1954Programme on Classical Language has changed to Tamil Literature_NEWLINE_17.1956Introduction of University new courses_NEWLINE_18.1960Dept. of Economics and Geography started offering UG Programmes in vernacular language i.e., Tamil_NEWLINE_Rewarded as one of the leading colleges for implementing Tamil as a medium of Instruction_NEWLINE_19.1960Commencement of Under Graduate Programmes in Political Science and Psychology_NEWLINE_20.1963Commencement of Under Graduate Programmes in Physics and Chemistry_NEWLINE_21.1965Commencement of Under Graduate Programme in English Literature_NEWLINE_Evening college programmes are initiated_NEWLINE_22.1966Commencement of Post Graduate Programmes in Botany, Zoology and English Literature_NEWLINE_23.1967Commencement of Under Graduate Programme in Commerce in evening college_NEWLINE_24.1969Commencement of Post Graduate Programme in Mathematics_NEWLINE_25.1972Commencement of Post Graduate Programme in Commerce_NEWLINE_26.1973Commencement of Post Graduate Programme in Chemistry_NEWLINE_27.1976Commencement of Post Graduate Programme in Physics_NEWLINE_28.1980PUC was terminated_NEWLINE_29.1981Commencement of Post Graduate Programme in Economics_NEWLINE_30.1983Affiliated to Bharathiar University_NEWLINE_31.1984Commencement of Post Graduate Programme in History_NEWLINE_32.1987Autonomous Status Granted_NEWLINE_33.1990Commencement of Under Graduate Programme in Computer Science_NEWLINE_34.1998Commencement of Post Graduate Programme in Computer Science_NEWLINE_35.1999Accredited by NAAC with 4 star status_NEWLINE_36.2000Introduction of CBCS system_NEWLINE_37.     2003    Commencement of Post Graduate Programme in App. Geography & Pub. Admn_NEWLINE_38.     2019    Commencement of Under Graduate Programme in Geology
The first model of the Series 80 was the HP-85, introduced in January 1980. BYTE wrote "we were impressed with the performance ... the graphics alone make this an attractive, albeit not inexpensive, alternate to existing small systems on the market ... it is our guess that many personal computer experimenters and hackers will want this machine"._NEWLINE_In a typewriter-style desktop case, the $3250 HP-85 contains the CPU and keyboard, with a ROM-based operating system (like the 9800 series), 16 kB dynamic RAM, a 5-inch CRT screen (16 lines of 32 characters, or 256×192 pixels), a tape drive for DC-100 cartridges (210 kB capacity, 650 B/s transfer), and a thermal printer.  Both the screen and printer display graphics in addition to text, and the printer can copy anything shown on the screen. The chassis includes four module slots in the back for expansion which can hold memory modules, ROM extensions, or interfaces such as RS-232 and GPIB. _NEWLINE_All components were designed at the Hewlett-Packard Personal Computer Division in Corvallis, Oregon, including the processor and core chipset._NEWLINE_Later models offered variations such as different or external displays, built-in interfaces or a rack-mountable enclosure (see table below for details)._NEWLINE_The machines were built around an HP-proprietary CPU code-named Capricorn running at 625 kHz (0.6 MHz, sic) and had a BASIC interpreter in ROM (32 kB). Programs could be stored on DC-100 cartridge tapes or on external disk/tape units._NEWLINE_Despite the comparatively low processor clock frequency, the machines were quite advanced compared to other desktop computers of the time, in particular regarding software features relevant to technical and scientific use.  The standard number representation was a floating point format with a 12-digit (decimal) mantissa and exponents up to ±499.  The interpreter supported a full set of scientific functions (trigonometric functions, logarithm etc.) at this accuracy.  The language supported two-dimensional arrays, and a ROM extension made high-level functions such as matrix multiplication and inversion available._NEWLINE_For the larger HP-86 and HP-87 series, HP also offered a plug-in CP/M processor card with a separate Zilog Z-80 processor.
The late 1970s saw the development of inexpensive home computers such as the Apple and TRS-80. Steve Wozniak had developed the Apple computer with the idea of a computer that worked in BASIC when it was turned on, and offered HP rights to the Apple computer. He was turned down and was given a legal release. In an interview he did note that soon after that, the calculator division was starting an 8-bit computer project called Capricorn, and he wasn't allowed to work on that project. Ultimately, the market for desktop computing would go to IBM PC compatible personal computers with a floppy disk drive based operating system, and an industry standard Intel 8088 processor  (the IBM PC was announced shortly after the 80 series).
In 2000 the former Dreamers Guild co-founder Joe Pearce started a new company Wyrmkeep Entertainment. In 2002 Pearce was able to acquire the rights for the game, and self-published Inherit the Earth on his website for Windows and macOS. The full version was offered for $20 via PayPal and Kagi.com, while a free demo was downloadable._NEWLINE_In late 2004 Pearce provided the ScummVM developers with the source code of Inherit the Earth's SAGA engine (Scripts for Animated Graphic Adventures), which made ports to alternative platforms, like Linux, possible. In March 2007, a Pocket PC edition was released. This was followed by a port to the iPad in 2010._NEWLINE_The game has also seen a digital release on GOG.com and Steam in June 2013.
In Unix-based computer operating systems, init (short for initialization) is the first process started during booting of the computer system. Init is a daemon process that continues running until the system is shut down. It is the direct or indirect ancestor of all other processes and automatically adopts all orphaned processes. Init is started by the kernel during the booting process; a kernel panic will occur if the kernel is unable to start it. Init is typically assigned process identifier 1._NEWLINE_In Unix systems such as System III and System V, the design of init has diverged from the functionality provided by the init in Research Unix and its BSD derivatives. Up until recently, most Linux distributions employed a traditional init that is somewhat compatible with System V, while some distributions such as Slackware use BSD-style startup scripts, and others such as Gentoo have their own customized versions._NEWLINE_Since then, several additional init implementations have been created, attempting to address design limitations in the traditional versions. These include launchd, the Service Management Facility, systemd and OpenRC.
In an April 2016 interview published in the New Yorker, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif tried to distance the Iranian government from the contest, asserting that it did not receive government support or endorsement, and that no official permission was necessary to hold it. Following Zarif's statement, a spokesperson from the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance questioned the Foreign Minister's comments, stating that the Ministry supports any program that will "enlighten people about the Holocaust". The main spokesperson for the contest, Mas`oud Shoja'i Tabataba'i, said that Zarif was not welcome at the exhibition. Zarif was questioned in the Iranian parliament about his negative position on the Holocaust cartoon contest and exhibition three months after its closing. He maintained his belief that Holocaust denial does not benefit the Islamic Republic of Iran and he repeated the claim that the contest was the work of an NGO and not any government agency.
Reklaw was born in Berkeley, California and grew up in Sacramento, studied at UC Santa Cruz, and completed a master's degree in computer science at Yale University. In 1995, while pursuing a Ph.D. in artificial intelligence, he began self-publishing comics in his dream-themed series Concave Up. At the same time, he developed the weekly strip Slow Wave; when he began to have some success in syndicating it, he dropped out of Yale to work as a cartoonist. He lives in Portland, Oregon, with his cat, Littles, who appears in many of his strips and zines.
Associated Press correspondent Brooks Jackson's story on the incident was published August 30, 1979, in various newspapers, including on the front page of The Washington Post with the title "Bunny Goes Bugs: Rabbit Attacks President". The White House did not publicly release a photograph of the event until much later, and the Post printed a cartoon parody of the Jaws poster labeled "PAWS" as its illustration. The White House declined to release the photo to the media until it turned up during the Reagan administration and the story saw a revival._NEWLINE_In his 1986 book The Other Side of the Story, Powell recounted the story :_NEWLINE_Upon closer inspection, the animal turned out to be a rabbit. Not one of your cutesy, Easter Bunny-type rabbits, but one of those big splay-footed things that we called swamp rabbits when I was growing up._NEWLINE_The animal was clearly in distress, or perhaps berserk. The President confessed to having had limited experience with enraged rabbits. He was unable to reach a definite conclusion about its state of mind. What was obvious, however, was that this large, wet animal, making strange hissing noises and gnashing its teeth, was intent upon climbing into the Presidential boat._NEWLINE_The incident with the rabbit became fodder for political and ideological opponents who wanted to frame Carter's presidency as hapless and enfeebled, although the event's proximity to the U.S. release of the comedy feature film Monty Python and the Holy Grail, which includes scenes of a killer rabbit slaying humans, led to some people describing Carter as having "fended off a killer rabbit" instead._NEWLINE_The incident was parodied in 1980 by folk singer Tom Paxton in the song "I Don't Want a Bunny Wunny"._NEWLINE_Humor columnist Dave Barry has often referred to the "enormous swimming rabbit" incident in his writings. In Dave Barry Slept Here: A Sort of History of the United States, he names it the uncontested single most memorable event of Carter's presidency.
Jack Moore was one of two Bradford Northern players to lose their lives in the World War II, the other being Charles Freeman, Moore was killed in action on Friday 27 February 1942 when his ship, HMS Electra, was sunk in the Battle of the Java Sea. His name is recorded on Panel 65, Column 3 at the Portsmouth Naval Memorial.
Zittrain joined the staff of the University of Oxford in Oxford in the United Kingdom as of September 2005. He held the Chair in Internet Governance and Regulation, was a principal of the Oxford Internet Institute, and was a Professorial Fellow of Keble College, which has developed a particular interest in computer science and public policy. In the United States, he was also the Jack N. & Lillian R. Berkman Visiting Professor for Entrepreneurial Legal Studies at Harvard Law School in Cambridge, Massachusetts and director and founder with Charles Nesson of its Berkman Center for Internet & Society. Zittrain was a visiting professor at the Stanford Law School in 2007 and was a visiting professor at New York University School of Law in Manhattan for the spring 2008 semester._NEWLINE_Zittrain taught, or taught with others, Harvard's courses on Cyberlaw: Internet Points of Control, The Exploding Internet: Building A Global Commons in Cyberspace, Torts, Internet & Society: The Technologies and Politics of Control, The Law of Cyberspace, The Law of Cyberspace: Social Protocols, Privacy Policy, The Microsoft Case, and The High Tech Entrepreneur. He searched for novel ways to use technology unobtrusively in the classroom at Harvard, founded H2O and used the system to teach his classes. Students are polled, assigned opposing arguments, and use H2O to develop their writing skills. Students enrolled in his The Internet and Society class could participate both orally and via the Internet. A teaching fellow seated in the classroom supplied Zittrain with the comments received from students in real time via e-mail as well as through "chat" or "instant message" from students participating in the class while logged into Second Life. (www.secondlife.com)_NEWLINE_He has been critical of the process used by ICANN, the International Telecommunication Union and the World Summit on the Information Society. Although he describes their approach as, in some ways, simple and naïve, Zittrain sees more hope in the open Internet Engineering Task Force model and in the ethical code and assumption of good faith that govern Wikipedia. He wrote in 2008, "Wikipedia—with the cooperation of many Wikipedians—has developed a system of self-governance that has many indicia of the rule of law without heavy reliance on outside authority or boundary."_NEWLINE_In 2009 Zittrain was elected to the Internet Society's board of trustees for a four-year term. In February 2011 he joined the board of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. In May 2011 Zittrain was made for Federal Communications Commission Distinguished Scholar. In May 2012 he was made for Chair at Federal Communications Commission Open Internet Advisory Committee.
Maron was born in Los Angeles, California, United States. When he was four years old, he and his mother moved to Santa Barbara. He attended Santa Barbara High School beginning in ninth grade. Maron then went to the University of California, Santa Barbara as a chemical engineering major. He decided to switch his major to computer science midway through his freshman year, based on his interest in video games. After the first quarter of his sophomore year, he dropped out. In December 2011, he made YouTube his full-time job._NEWLINE_Maron is a notable car enthusiast, owning various luxury and sports cars. He was chosen by the Ford Motor Company as one of the select few individuals to purchase a 2017 Ford GT, after making several comments in videos in 2016 that Ford was setting up a selection process, noting it would be very unlikely that he would be chosen.
Justin Burnett scored his first feature film Possums which was featured in 1998 at the Sundance Film Festival. His second notable film was the film based on the video game,  Dungeons & Dragons,  was released in theaters in 2000. Ending his time at Remote Control Productions, It was 2000 that Burnett began his collaboration with Harry Gregson-Williams. In 2005, Burnett composed the music for the film An American Haunting under the pseudonym Caine Davidson. Since then, Burnett has composed the music for many other films such as I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer, Iron Cross, Crave, Java Heat as well as many others.
Kourosh was born in Kashan, Iran, on May 17, 1939, to mother Khanoum Khanima Assadi and father Javad Zaim (deceased), a businessman and political activist. Kourosh is the oldest of four siblings: Soudabeh, Siamak and Bahram. Kourosh's mother is from the Naraghi family, a line of influential Shi'ite clerics._NEWLINE_Kourosh’s great-grandfather Mahmud Zaim was Kashan's largest tobacco cultivator. In 1891, Mahmud organized a rebellion with Iran's other two major tobacco growers, in which they burned their entire crop of tobacco in defiance of the shah's tobacco trade concession to Great Britain. This forced Iran's top cleric, Mirzaye Shirazi, to sign a fatwa against the agreement, which helped foment a people's movement against the trade agreement that came to be called the Tobacco Protest. The Shah was forced to cancel the trade agreement the following year. The Tobacco Protest was the first nationwide rebellion in Iran's modern history. Many scholars believe it to be the moment Iranians realized they could oust foreign exploiters through solidarity which later led to the Persian Constitutional Revolution a few years later._NEWLINE_Kourosh’s great uncle, Seyed Hassan i Zaim, a political activist during the Persian Constitutional Revolution (1905–07), member of Iran's 4th, 5th, and 6th post-revolutionary Parliaments (1921–25) and Speaker for the Minority Faction, undertook to impeach Reza Shah for totalitarian rule. He was threatened with execution and fled to Europe, where he spent the next 17 years in exile. In 1946, in partnership with Mohammad Mosaddegh, Hassan returned to Iran to create a new minority faction in the parliament. He was elected from his home city of Kashan, but the night after the election results had been announced, an envoy from the Shah came to him posing as a congratulator and offered coffee to him. He was declared dead and buried the next day after the examining coroner reported that his eyes and fingers were still moving and that he should be taken to a hospital. _NEWLINE_Siamak Zaim, the older of Kourosh's two younger brothers, was a famous leftist and communist thinker who escaped Iran during the Islamic Revolution and fled to Berkeley, California, U.S., where he founded the Communist Party of Iran of the U.S. In early 1982, he snuck back into Iran and became a leader of the 1982 Amol uprising. The revolt was considered an existential threat by the new revolutionary government, and the town was surrounded and all the rebels captured or killed. For being unarmed himself and for actions displaying a desire to protect innocent life and to end the firefight, the Revolutionary Government granted him a prison sentence rather than immediate execution. He was held incommunicado for two years in Evin Prison and then executed by firing squad anyway in 1984._NEWLINE_Kourosh's youngest brother, Bahram Zaim, was falsely arrested for being at a movie theater that was taken over by mujahideen fighters. Iran's Revolutionary Guard assumed Bahram was a mujahideen fighter, and imprisoned him for four and a half years._NEWLINE_Kourosh was married twice: to an American in 1975, bearing two sons; and to an Iranian in 1985, also bearing two sons. The eldest of these four brothers, Turaj, escaped to the United States during the Iran–Iraq War, and is an American artist and activist. In 2009, Turaj focused his activism around his father, whose plight is emblematic of many of Iran's imprisoned and persecuted human rights activists.
Lauw was born in Batavia, Dutch East Indies, in 1883. He undertook an education at a Hokkien school, but also learned to speak Dutch language. In 1890, Lauw's father died, and he was raised by his mother, a seamstress. By age sixteen he had entered the workforce, first at a shop in Glodok run by Khouw Lam Tjiang then for the printer van Dorp. This latter job introduced Lauw to journalism, as van Dorp printed both the daily Bintang Betawi and the monthly Java Bode._NEWLINE_In the early 1900s Lauw began working for Sinar Betawi; by 1907 he was working as editor for the daily Perniagaan, together with Tio Ie Soei and Thio Tjin Boen. Working with Joe Sin Gie, on 1 October 1910 he established the weekly (later daily) Sin Po (newspaper)Sin Po; when it was incorporated in February 1912, Lauw was one of five stockholders. He is recorded as assistant editor, under JR Razoux Kohr, several months later._NEWLINE_Lauw established another weekly, the short-lasting Penghiboer, in 1913. Ten years later he became the editor-in-chief of Sin Po, but soon sold all shares in the company and moved to Bandung, where he worked with the monthly magazine Lay Po (later Sin Bin). He returned to Batavia in 1925, and by 1928 he was a regular contributor to Keng Po (run by Hauw Tek Kong). While working with Keng Po, Lauw helped Nio Joe Lan find work at the newspaper; Nio would go on to become an editor of Sin Po._NEWLINE_Aside from journalism, Lauw was involved in the emerging literature of the East Indies. After Lie Kim Hok's death in 1912, Lauw completed the writer's ongoing translation of Hugo Hartmann's Dolores, de Verkochte Vrouw, publishing it as Prampoean jang Terdjoewal. In 1913 he published a Malay translation of Victor Ido's Karina Adinda; at the time it was one of only a few published Malay-language stage plays. In his foreword to the translation, Lauw wrote that he wanted to improve the quality of stage plays performed by Chinese Indonesians, which were facing competition from the burgeoning film industry as well as the bangsawan and stamboel theatrical genres. He also published his own stage play, Pendidikan jang Kliroe, in 1922. He published two further books in 1924, Brillian jang Tertjoeri and Riwajat Hindia Olanda._NEWLINE_Lauw was also involved in various social organizations. He was a money collector for the Tiong Hoa Hwee Koan in 1907, and from 1907 to 1912 he served as an administrator and secretary for the Cheng Hwa Hui._NEWLINE_Lauw died in 1953. He was preceded by his wife, Lie On Moy.
From the mathematical point of view the Lippmann–Schwinger equation in coordinate representation is an integral equation of Fredholm type. It can be solved by discretization. Since it is equivalent to the differential time-independent Schrödinger equation with appropriate boundary conditions, it can also be solved by numerical methods for differential equations. In the case of the spherically symmetric potential  it is usually solved by partial wave analysis. For high energies and/or weak potential it can also be solved perturbatively by means of Born series. The method convenient also in the case of many-body physics, like in description of atomic, nuclear or molecular collisions is the method of R-matrix of Wigner and Eisenbud. Another class of methods is based on separable expansion of the potential or Green's operator like the method of continued fractions of Horáček and Sasakawa. Very important class of methods is based on variational principles, for example the Schwinger-Lanczos method combining the variational principle of Schwinger with Lanczos algorithm.
On his first day Hunter did not make a good first impression with Emily when it became apparent that he was quite clumsy and when Emily asked him if Hunter was his first or last name. He replied that it was his last name, and that his first name was not important, as everyone calls him Hunter. Later when Emily started to get agitated at Hunter's suggestions for the site, including changing the name of the paper, she decided to head out to Yo's for a drink with Hunter following her. Once they were there Hunter once again put his foot in it when he commented on Emily's age by saying that people of her “generation” may not understand how the Internet works. As time went on Hunter once again showed his clumsy side by falling into Emily, with Alison, Casey and Jade looking on thinking that he is her new boy toy._NEWLINE_After Emily left, Alison went to talk to Hunter and told him that if he wants Emily to listen to him the best way is to just agree with her. She then invited him to join her and her friends, but things do not go well when he accidentally knocks Jade's drink all over her and feeling embarrassed he quickly left. When he got back to the office Hunter told Emily that he would met Alison and she s nothing like her, also having taken on board what Alison said Hunter told Emily that she was right about changing the name of the paper, and in doing so she started to warm to him._NEWLINE_As Emily and Hunter started working together on the new online Intruder, he continued to point out every mistake she was making which frustrated her causing her to kick Hunter out of the office so that she could concentrate. Later, Alison arrived at the office looking for Hunter and Emily told her that she has told him to stay away, when Emily asked what she wanted him for Alison told her that Casey was having a barbecue and she wanted to invite him, but also try to fix him up with Jade which Emily told her was not a great idea as Hunter would not know what to do if he had a girlfriend as she was raised by "cyber wolves in a techno forest". When Alison found Hunter at Al's she invited him over to Casey but he was quite confused as to why she would want him there, but he turned down the invitation under the impression that Emily would need him to help her, so Alison told him that they would hang out another time; thinking this meant setting a date Hunter asked when but she had to explain that "another" time is only an expression, which again showed how literally Hunter takes everything in life. Afterwards Hunter went back to Worldwide to see how Emily was getting on and his continued to point out every mistake she made and she had to tell him that in order for her to get it right she would have to figure it all out on her own. Wanting rid of Hunter again she told him to go to the barbecue that Alison mentioned which at first he was resistant to; however, when she said that if he did not leave one of them would die he quickly changed his mind especially when she told him that Alison had big plans for him. As Hunter and Alison waited for Casey and Jade to arrive, they started talking and learned that they have quite a bit in common, when Alison suggested that he helped by grilling the meat and he started telling her the scientific effects of grilling which confused her, so she offered him a beer and he told her that he does not drink, and she asked if he does not like putting toxins into his body or if he has a sordid past like she does, when Jade and Casey finally arrived he welcomed them by emptying a bag of candy over her. As time passed Hunter showed that he is unable to recognize when people are being literal or telling a joke, and once again Jade become his target when he drops her burger on the floor, feeling out of place Hunter quickly makes his exit. When he got back to the office he found that Emily had successfully formatted a page for the paper and she asked him how things went at the barbecue and he told her not very well. He then showed his interest in Alison and whether she and Emily have different fathers and she told him that they have different biological fathers and mothers, leading Emily to tell him that Alison is biologically her daughter and she explained how this was possible._NEWLINE_When Alison found that she had taken Emily's MP3 player by mistake she called the office and he told her that it would get him out of the office Emily sent him to Casey's to switch them. When Casey got a call to go into work, Hunter stayed behind to help her paint. While Casey was gone Hunter asked Alison out on a date, much to her surprise, and she had to explain that she was dating Casey and it became clear that he had been misreading the signals and he went to leave but he walked into the paint resting on the ladder. Hunter went back to Worldwide and Emily was shocked to see the state that he was in, and he explained how he asked Alison out but she explained how Alison is seeing Casey, as she started to take Hunter's shirt off he shocked her with a kiss and he explained that he did it because he thought that she was coming on to him in a sexual way when helping him with his shirt later, Alison called to invite Hunter to lunch with her and Casey; however, when he arrived at Al's to see them kissing he decided not to go in and join them._NEWLINE_When Alison graduated from the nursing program, Casey and Emily decide to take her for a dinner, when Emily told Hunter of this he asked if Alison's father had been invited Emily told him that no one had bothered. Thinking that this was just an oversight Hunter contacted Dr. Larry McDermott and when he told Emily of this she told him that Larry is the last person Alison would want to see. Hunter later turned up at the Lakeview to stand guard in case Larry decided to turn up, which Emily thought was weird and creepy and said that he has the "intimidation factor of a zygote", when Alison heard Emily telling Hunter to leave she told him to join them but she got a shock when she saw her father standing in the doorway. Confused as to why Larry was there Alison got upset especially when she learns that Hunter was behind it, when Hunter left the Lakeview he found Alison and Casey in Old Town and tried to apologize but Casey told him to stay away. Larry later found Hunter at Java and got confused when he started reciting an apology written on a napkin, but he told Hunter that it was not necessary because even though it was not the best idea it did bring him back into his daughter's life, and feeling that it would help Hunter told Larry where he could find Alison. Having gone back to Worldwide Hunter again started his apology to a stunned Emily who found it to be a joke, seeing that he was sincerely sorry for his actions she told him not to worry, but that changed when she learned that he had sent Larry after Alison. Emily then called Alison to see how she is and found that Hunter was off the hook as Alison was happy to get the chance to clear the air with Larry, then as Hunter went to leave Emily stopped him and got him to offer her half of his sandwich and told him that there may be hope for him yet.
When Hunter's mother suffered from a stroke it hit him hard and not wanting to go and see his mother alone Alison offered to go with him. When they got to Chicago, Hunter was worried about what to expect and Alison explained some of the possible symptoms, when the nurse came she told them that only one visitor was allowed at a time. Hunter later came back and was in a state of shock after his mother told him that the man he always thought to be his father wasn't. Alison tries to reassure him that maybe the stroke had an effect on her memory, but he couldn't handle it and left. Back at Java Hunter told Alison about his childhood and how he never really knew his father and about his mother's career._NEWLINE_While hanging out with Alison, Hunter got a call from the home where his mother was staying saying that she was agitated so they headed out to Chicago to see her. When they got to the home they saw that Aurora (Hunter's mother) was calm and sitting with the nurse, as he approached her she was excited to see him, and asked him to get her out of the home and called him Tristan which confused him and she got upset when he told her that his name wasn't Tristan and she got worse when she saw Alison. Back at Java, Hunter and Alison discussed why his mother had called him Tristan, and he said that her favorite opera was Tristan and Isolde, but she suggested that maybe Tristan was a past lover who she kept a secret with and he wondered whether Tristan was his father. As they try figure it out Alison suggests that they look for his father which he agrees to although he was a bit hesitant to begin with, and he tells her that he’d never met anyone like her before which said was a mutual feeling on her part about him._NEWLINE_When, Hunter finally decided that he was ready to look for his father he ran into an upset Alison in Old Town, but instead of comforting her, he made her feel worse. Later they decided to go and see Aurora again; however, this time she's calmer and they play her favorite opera on a CD player and asked her about Tristan. As they talked to her she started to cry and Alison told him not to pressure her, when he decided to leave she told him that his father's information would be on his birth certificate but he told her that he’d never seen it, so they headed to city hall to get a copy of it. When he got a copy he told her that the name on the certificate for his father wasn’t Jeremiah Hunter the man he thought to be his father but that of a Tristan Wagner, so they decided to look him up. They later found the address of as Tristan Wagner in Chicago but when they got to his apartment they found that he couldn't possibly be Hunter's father.
Hunter was sitting in Al's when Alison found him and he told that she’d happily continue to find his father and he told her that his mother had died after suffering from another stroke. Casey later turned up to talk to Alison but she wasn’t that open to listen, and when Hunter stood up to Casey for Alison, Casey lashed out at him. While Alison went to change her shift at the hospital, Emily and Larry arrived at Al's to talk, when she was finished with Larry Emily went over to talk to Hunter to see if he was going into work and she learned of his mother's passing. As they spoke Hunter told her of the mystery of his father's identity and of his mother's revelation, and when he told her of the name Tristan on his birth certificate Emily starts to suspect something and asks for Hunter's mother's name. After Hunter left Al's, Emily found that he’d forgotten an old program from an old performance of Tristan and Isolde and she started to investigate her suspicions, that Larry is Tristan and therefore being Hunter's father she later confronted him at the Lakeview to get some answers. Alison arrived at Hunter's room, he told her of his anger towards his mother and her revelation, and they got close and ended up kissing, until Alison stops them saying that she's still not over Casey and he's grieving and she told him that sleeping with him was tempting but would have been a mistake. As Hunter and Alison talked things through Casey turned up and got the wrong end of the stick so Alison, and started to berate Alison for something she hadn’t done and Hunter stood up for her. Later, Hunter turned up at Worldwide and started packing up his stuff and he told Emily that he's quitting, when he couldn’t find his coffee mug which Emily had taken h decided to leave it behind and she told him to call her before leaving and once he left she phoned her friend at the hospital lab and order a DNA test. After getting the DNA results, Emily turned up at Hunter's room and told him that he couldn't leave because she had to tell him something important._NEWLINE_As Emily tried desperately to get Hunter to stay in Oakdale he was extremely resistant thinking she only wanted him to stay so that he could help her at The Intruder, but she told him that it had nothing to do with that and that she's his mother. Confused at her revelation Hunter takes it hard thinking that she's messing with him to get him to stay, but she explains to him how even though Aurora raised him she wasn't his biological mother, because he's her biological son in the same way that Alison is her biological daughter. Still not understanding what she was telling him Emily told him how her fertilized eggs were stolen and transferred to the University of Chicago where his mother worked, and she was then implanted with one of the eggs; however, Hunter still chose not to believe what she was saying to him.  As she tried to get Hunter to understand Emily suggested that maybe because of her age Aurora couldn’t get pregnant in the traditional way and knew that Larry could help her but he's confused as to how his mother knew Larry, until Emily told him that Larry admitted being his mother's lover and that his money clip was engraved "To Tristan From Isolde" and he told her of how his mother once called him Tristan after her stroke and she promised to keep his secret forever. Struggling to accept the news Hunter asked Emily for proof and she gave him the DNA results which confirmed that she's his mother and she tells him that he was a little wrong thinking he had no family in town, because he has her along with his grandmother Susan, his half-brother Daniel. He then asked her about Alison and said that if Daniel's his half-brother then she must be his half-sister, but Emily explained that she's his sister as they have the same biological parents, which made him feel sick and he quickly left the room leaving a confused Emily behind. Later, Alison finds Hunter at Java but when she reached out and touched his shoulder he quickly pulled away telling her never to touch him. He then had to explain to her that nothing could never happen between them because, every time that he's with her the thoughts he has are those that one should never have about their sister, and he was confused to find that she didn’t know what he was talking about. Hunter then explained to Alison how they have the same biological parents, and they then discovered why they had some special connection, but he felt that he had to leave as the feelings he had for her were too toxic and strong, but she was willing to see where their new sibling relationship lead and that she understood what he was going through as she went through the same thing when she learned that Emily was her biological mother and that it didn’t change how she felt because, Susan was her true mother as she raised her in the same way that Aurora raised him, but was unable to accept it Hunter chose to leave town. Afterwards, Alison went to see Emily and told her how Hunter thought he was in love with her, much to Emily's horror and she gets even more hurt when Alison tells her how Hunter left, because she wanted a new child and now she learned that she already had one.
Approximately 1700 technical staff members work on research, prototype building, and field demonstrations. The technical staff come from a broad range of scientific and engineering fields, with electrical engineering, physics, computer science and mathematics being among the most prevalent. Two-thirds of the professional staff hold advanced degrees, and 60% of those degrees are at the doctoral level. _NEWLINE_The technical work is organized into eight divisions: Air, Missile, & Maritime Defense Technology, Homeland Protection and Air Traffic Control, Cyber Security and Information Sciences, Communication Systems, Engineering, Advanced Technology, Space Systems and Technology, and ISR and Tactical Systems._NEWLINE_Lincoln Laboratory supports its research and development work with an infrastructure of services from six departments: Contracting Services, Facility Services, Financial Services, Information Services, Security Services, and Human Resources. Approximately 1300 people working in the service departments or as technical specialists support the research and development mission of the laboratory._NEWLINE_Lincoln Laboratory supports several community outreach programs. Programs that promote education in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics for students in grades kindergarten to high school are offered to the local community and are supported by volunteers from across the laboratory. The Lincoln Laboratory community service program raises awareness of both local and national needs by organizing fund-raising and outreach events that support selected charitable organizations, medical research, and U.S. troops abroad.
Macrochlaena winckworthi was originally collected from pearl oyster beds in shallow water off the coast of Tamil Nadu in the Gulf of Mannar. It has also been collected off Java and it has been inferred that its distribution extends from India east to the Malay Archipelago in shallow waters of less than 20m in depth. It seems to have some convergent adaptations with other species of octopods which live in muddy habitats. This is a little known species and its biology and behaviour are unknown, as is its importance in any fisheries.
When he was 8 years old, Gibb emigrated to Redcliffe, in Queensland, Australia, with his family.  Shortly after, he and his brothers formed the Bee Gees. By January 1963 the Gibbs moved to Sydney. The group's first single was "The Battle of the Blue and the Grey" but it failed to chart. Around 1963, the Gibb brothers worked with Judy Stone, Johnny Devlin and Jimmy Hannan. By 1964, Gibb made his first appearance as an instrumentalist on the beat-influenced "Claustrophobia". Also in 1964, the Gibb brothers worked with Johnny Devlin and Trevor Gordon. Around 1965, the Gibb brothers worked with Trevor Gordon, Michelle Rae and Noeleen Batley. In 1966 the three Gibb brothers wrote their first song, "The Storm". Also in 1966, Gibb began his career as the lead guitarist and bassist for the band; around the same time, he recorded his first solo composition, "All by Myself", on which he also played guitar. Around 1966, the Gibb brothers worked with Bip Addison, Sandy Summers, Anne Shelton, Vince Maloney, April Bryon, MPD Ltd, Ray Brown and the Whispers, Ronnie Burns, Lori Balmer, Marty Rhone, Vyt, Python Lee Jackson, Dennis Knight, Barrington Davis, Jenene and Jon Blanchfield. Their second album, Spicks and Specks (1966), included "Where Are You", Gibb's first solo writing credit to be released._NEWLINE_In March 1967 the Gibb brothers worked with Billy J. Kramer recording "Town of Tuxley Toymaker, Part 1". Around the same time, Colin Petersen and Vince Melouney joined the Bee Gees. In the middle of 1967 Bee Gees' 1st was released. The album was praised by the critics who compared it to the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band which was released weeks earlier. AllMusic's Bruce Eder wrote that Gibb's Mellotron on "Every Christian Lion Hearted Man Will Show You" 'was close in the spirit of the Moody Blues and was opened by a Gregorian chant.' The band's first number 1 single in the UK, "Massachusetts" was released in September 1967. In early 1968, the Horizontal was released. In August 1968 the Marbles released their first and only successful hit "Only One Woman" a song co-written by Gibb. In the middle of 1968, the band's third international LP Idea included the song "Kitty Can", which features Gibb's high harmony vocal, with Barry Gibb singing low harmony. In early 1969, they released Odessa, which features Gibb's solo vocals on "Suddenly" and "I Laugh in Your Face". On 19 March 1969, the same day that Robin Gibb announced his plans as a solo artist, Gibb and his bandmates recorded and later released "Tomorrow Tomorrow"._NEWLINE_Maurice and Barry alone comprised the Bee Gees on the 1969 album Cucumber Castle during Robin's absence as a soloist. They sang the hit "Don't Forget to Remember" (which reached number two on the UK chart while Robin's first solo single, "Saved by the Bell", also reached number two) and follow up singles; "IOIO" and "Tomorrow, Tomorrow" with Barry taking lead and Maurice providing harmony vocals, but the duo version of the group enjoyed dwindling success. A supergroup in 1969 called the Fut was formed at a Tin Tin session and they recorded "Have You Heard the Word" while Gibb was still a Bee Gee, and released later as a single, the band consisting of Gibb on vocals/bass/guitar, Steve Kipner and Steve Groves on vocals with Billy Lawrie also providing background vocals. "Have You Heard the Word" features Gibb impersonating John Lennon by singing the song, and the Beatles fans thought that it was the lost Beatles song which was not released. In 1985, Yoko Ono attempted to register the song as Lennon's composition._NEWLINE_On 1 December 1969, Maurice and brother Barry announced to the world that the Bee Gees had broken up.
The North Campus was developed far more recently than the South Campus, in the latter half of the 20th century. Here, the main buildings are the Students' Union building, Sports Complex, Biosciences and Engineering Building, Callan Science Building (named after the inventor of the induction coil, Nicholas Callan), the Iontas building, the Arts Building, the Science Building and the John Hume Building. The Eolas Building houses the department of Computer Science, the Business Incubation Centre, the Innovation Value Institute, as well as the Hamilton and Callan Institutes, along with several teaching spaces._NEWLINE_The student services function is also based on North Campus, and there are a number of playing fields and a sports complex, which includes a fully equipped gym and an astroturf field. The remainder of MU's academic departments as well as many research institutes such as the Institute of Microelectronics and Wireless Systems, the Hamilton Institute and the Institute of Immunology are also located on the North Campus.
Medang Kamulan was a semi-mythological kingdom that believed to be once established somewhere in Central Java according to Javanese mythology. It is either perceived as the predecessor or the actual historical kingdom of Medang Kingdom. "Kamulan" derived from the word "mula" in Javanese means "origin", so "Medang Kamulan" can be interpreted as "pre-Medang" or "Medang the origin".
The kingdom is considered by historians and archaeology scholars as semi-mythological, since there is no actual archaeological remnant and historical sources (such as inscriptions) that mentioned about "Medang Kamulan" kingdom. The name of the kingdom appears in numbers of Javanese myths, legends, and folklores; such as legend of Aji Saka, Dewi Sri, Loro Jonggrang, and in Javanese wayang story it was mentioned that Medang Kamulan was the kingdom where Batara Guru rules and create gamelan. In the legend of Aji Saka, Medang Kamulan was ruled by the evil giant king named Prabu Dewata Cengkar. The Loro Jonggrang legend mentioned that the kingdom was ruled by a king named Prabu Gilingwesi.
Line 782 and 783 of second manuscript of 15th century Bujangga Manik mentioned that after leaving Pulutan (correspond to a village name in west Purwodadi, Central Java) he arrived in "Medang Kamulan". Later after crossing the Wuluyu river, he arrived in Gegelang located south of Medang Kamulan. This manuscript was the first written record that mentioned a place named Medang Kamulan, although at that time it was not a kingdom.
Van der Meulen suggests, although is not quite convinced, that Medang Kamulan refers to "Hasin-Medang-Kuwu-lang-pi-ya" suggested by van Orsoy in his article about Ho-Ling kingdom mentioned in Chinese record._NEWLINE_It was possible that the mention of Medang Kamulan kingdom in numbers of Javanese legends and myths was the remnant of local Javanese collective memory about the existence of ancient kingdom named "Medang" which was actually corresponds to the historical 8th to 11th century Kingdom of Medang.
If someone wanted to write a test looking for a library that receives public funding, or by its head librarian, he or she might use code like the following:_NEWLINE_Java_NEWLINE_assertEqual(_NEWLINE_    l.getHeadLibrarian()_NEWLINE_        .getName().split(" ")[1]_NEWLINE_    , "Smith")assertEqual( _NEWLINE_    l.getFunding().getType()_NEWLINE_    , "public")_NEWLINE_Ruby_NEWLINE_l.headLibrarian.name.split(/ +/).last.should == "Smith"l.funding.type.should == "public"_NEWLINE_To mock up an object that matches the search result, they would have to have mocking code like what follows:_NEWLINE_Java_NEWLINE_HeadLibrarian h = mock(HeadLibrarian.class);when(h.getName()).thenReturn("Jane Smith");Funding f = mock(Funding.class);when(f.getType()).thenReturn("public");Library l = mock(Library.class);when(l.getHeadLibrarian()).thenReturn(h);when(l.getFunding()).thenReturn(f);_NEWLINE_Ruby_NEWLINE_h = mock('HeadLibrarian', :name => 'Jane Smith')f = mock('Funding', :type => 'public')l = mock('Library', :HeadLibrarian => h, :Funding => f)_NEWLINE_This is an example of a mock trainwreck, because it is a mock up of two unrelated objects, but it relies on a class, Library, to point to them both.
In the late 1980s, Novell was looking to shed its hardware server business and transform its flagship NetWare product into a PC-based server operating system that was agnostic and independent of the physical network implementation and topology (Novell even referred to NetWare as a NOS, or "network operating system"). To do this, Novell needed networking technology in general — and networking cards in particular — to become a commodity, so that the server operating system and protocols would become the differentiating technology._NEWLINE_Most of the key pieces of this strategy were already in place: Ethernet and token ring (among others) had been codified by the IEEE 802 standards committee — the draft was not formally adopted until 1990, but was already in widespread use, and cards from one vendor were, on the whole, wire-compatible with cards complying with the same 802 working group. However, networking hardware vendors in general, and industry leaders 3Com and IBM in particular, were charging high prices for their hardware._NEWLINE_To combat this, Novell decided to develop its own line of cards. In order to create these at minimal R&D, engineering and production costs, Novell simply implemented, almost verbatim, a prototype design created by National Semiconductor using the 8390 Ethernet chip.  National Semiconductor, for its part, had no qualms about the use of the design; the use of National Semiconductor chips made the proposal almost pure profit. However, since the design had been intended only as a proof-of-concept prototype, it implemented bare-minimum functionality: PIO was used instead of DMA, no buffering was provided and no provision was made for the use of a transceiver._NEWLINE_The original card, the NE1000 (8-bit ISA; announced as "E-Net adapter" in February 1987 for 495 USD) The "NE" prefix stood for "Novell Ethernet".
Besides NetWare, driver support for these cards was (and still is) available for a variety of operating systems, including DOS, Microsoft Windows, UNIX, FreeBSD, QNX, and Linux. Note that Windows XP does not support non-Plug and Play versions and Windows Vista does not support the NE2000 at all. Windows 2000 appears to have a working driver.
Golmie joined the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in 1993 as a research engineer. She completed a Ph.D. in computer science at University of Maryland, College Park. Her 2002 thesis was titled Coexistence of Bluetooth and 802.11 networks. Golmie's doctoral advisor was A. Udaya Shankar. Golmie is the chief of the wireless networks division in the NIST Communications Technology Laboratory. Her research in media access control and protocols for wireless networks led to over 200 technical papers presented at professional conferences, journals, and contributed to international standard organizations and industry led consortia. Golmie is a member of the NIST Public Safety Communication Research program and leads the efforts on the simulation modeling and evaluation of LTE in support of public safety communications. She leads several projects related to the modeling and evaluation of future generation wireless systems and protocols and serves as a co-chair for the 5G mmWave Channel Model Alliance.
The Network-Integrated Multimedia Middleware (NMM) is a flow graph based multimedia framework. NMM allows creating distributed multimedia applications: local and remote multimedia devices or software components can be controlled transparently and integrated into a common multimedia processing flow graph. NMM is implemented in C++, a programming language, and NMM-IDL, an interface description language (IDL). NMM is a set of cross-platform libraries and applications for the operating systems Linux, OS X, Windows, and others. A software development kit (SDK) is also provided._NEWLINE_NMM is released under dual-licensing. The Linux, OS X, and PS3 versions are distributed for free as open-source software under the terms and conditions of the GNU General Public License (GPL). The Windows version is distributed for free as binary version under the terms and conditions of the NMM Non-Commercial License (NMM-NCL). All NMM versions (i.e., for all supported operating systems) are also distributed under a commercial license with full warranty, which allows developing closed-source proprietary software atop NMM.
The fact that neutral mutations were probably widespread was proposed by Freese and Yoshida in 1965.  Motoo Kimura later crystallized a theory of neutral evolution in 1968 with King and Jukes independently proposing a similar theory (1969).  Kimura computed the rate of nucleotide substitutions in a population (i.e. the average time for one base pair replacement to occur within a genome)  and found it to be ~1.8 years. Such a high rate would not be tolerated by any mammalian population according to Haldane's formula. He thus concluded that, in mammals, neutral (or nearly neutral) nucleotide substitution mutations of DNA  must dominate. He computed that such mutations were occurring at the rate of roughly 0-5 per year per gamete._NEWLINE_In later years, a new paradigm emerged, that placed RNA as a precursor molecule to DNA. A primordial molecule principle was put forth as early as 1968 by Crick, and lead to what is now known as The RNA World Hypothesis. DNA is found, predominantly, as fully base paired double helices, while biological RNA is single stranded and often exhibits complex base-pairing interactions. These are due to its increased ability to form hydrogen bonds, a fact which stems from the existence of the extra hydroxyl group in the ribose sugar._NEWLINE_In the 1970s, Stein and M. Waterman laid the groundwork for the combinatorics of RNA secondary structures. Waterman gave the first graph theoretic description of  RNA secondary structures and their associated properties, and used them to produce an efficient minimum free energy (MFE) folding algorithm. An RNA secondary structure can be viewed as a diagram over N labeled vertices with its Watson-Crick base pairs represented as non-crossing arcs in the upper half plane. Therefore, a secondary structure is a scaffold having many sequences compatible with its implied  base pairing constraints.  Later, Smith and Waterman developed an algorithm that performed local sequence alignment. Another prediction algorithm for RNA secondary structure was given by Nussinov Nussinov's algorithm described the folding problem over a two letter alphabet as a planar graph optimization problem, where the quantity to be maximized is the number of matchings in the sequence string._NEWLINE_Come the year 1980, Howell et al. computed a generating function of all foldings of a sequence while D. Sankoff (1985) described algorithms for alignment of finite sequences, the prediction of RNA secondary structures (folding), and the reconstruction of proto-sequences on a phylo-genetic tree. Later, Waterman and Temple (1986) produced a polynomial time dynamic programming (DP) algorithm for predicting general RNA secondary structure. while in the year 1990, John McCaskill presented a polynomial time DP algorithm for computing the full equilibrium partition function of an RNA secondary structure._NEWLINE_M. Zuker, implemented algorithms for computation of MFE RNA secondary structures based on the work of  Nussinov et al., Smith and Waterman and Studnicka, et al. Later L. Hofacker (et al., 1994), presented The Vienna RNA package, a software package that integrated  MFE folding and the computation of the partition function as well as base pairing probabilities._NEWLINE_Peter Schuster and W. Fontana (1994) shifted the focus towards sequence to structure maps  (genotype-phenotype) . They used an inverse folding algorithm, to produce computational evidence that RNA sequences sharing the same structure are distributed randomly in sequence space. They observed that common structures can be reached from a random sequence by just a few mutations. These two facts lead them to conclude that the sequence space seemed to be percolated by neutral networks of nearest neighbor mutants that fold to the same structure._NEWLINE_In 1997, C. Reidys  Stadler and Schuster laid the mathematical foundations for the study and modelling of neutral networks of RNA secondary structures. Using a random graph model they proved the existence of a threshold value for connectivity of random sub-graphs in a configuration space, parametrized by λ, the fraction of neutral neighbors. They showed that the networks are connected and percolate sequence space if the fraction of neutral nearest neighbors exceeds  λ*,  a threshold value. Below this threshold the networks are partitioned into a largest giant component and several smaller ones. Key results of this analysis where concerned with threshold functions for density and connectivity for neutral networks as well as Schuster's shape space conjecture.
On 21 July 2005, Irun Hidayat was convicted of being an accessory by providing a house to Azahari Husin and Noordin Top. Mbai identified the chief suspect in the 2005 attack as Azahari Husin, who was thought to collaborate with the second suspect Noordin, whose wife was sentenced to three years in prison for harbouring him. Azahari Husin was later killed in a raid in November 2005. On 24 February 2006 the FBI added Noordin among three names to the Seeking Information – War on Terrorism list._NEWLINE_On 29 April 2006 he narrowly escaped capture after his safe-house was raided by heavily armed Indonesian police in Binangun, Central Java. In the altercation, Abdul Hadi and Jabir were killed. In June 2006 it was reported that Noordin was threatening more attacks in video tapes recovered by Indonesian authorities and police believe that he may have formed his own organisation outside JI._NEWLINE_On 8 August 2009 there were media reports that he had been killed during a shooting with police near Temanggung, a village in Central Java. Forensic testing conducted by Indonesian police however, disproved this speculation. A body recovered from the ambush site was instead found to be Ibrohim, a key organiser of the 2009 Jakarta bombings.
The company was founded as CMC, or Computer Machinery Company Limited, on 18 September 1969 by Ray Parry. _NEWLINE_They were originally distributors and subsequently manufacturers of key to disk computer systems made by the US-based Computer Machinery Corporation. The CMC key to disk systems were used by companies and government departments for data capture. In 1976, CMC developed a bit-slice based intelligent terminal—the P99—which it used both as a front end processor to the key to disk systems and as a terminal in its own right. It then evolved the CMC P99 into the P141—a true front-end processor, which it used to implement a new data capture system call Sovereign. This was used in manufacturing companies such as Rolls-Royce plc, British Steel Corporation and various government departments including providing data capture for the DHSS at Newcastle upon Tyne. It later evolved into the M8000 system, based on Intel-processor-based systems._NEWLINE_In 1976, CMC merged with Microdata Corporation, a California-based computer company, whose 1973-released Reality operating and database environment product CMC was also distributing. The companies continued to use separate trading names in their respective regions until 1981. The Reality name was given to Microdata's computer system and the operating system—a version of the Pick operating system. At the time, Microdata owned rights to the Pick Operating system in parallel with Dick Pick – who had developed it with Microdata. CMC Leasing Limited (the official trading name) then changed its name to Microdata UK limited, aka MUK. The company then started UK manufacture of the Reality range of computer systems in its manufacturing factory in Maxted Road, Hemel Hempstead. Microdata was purchased by McDonnell Douglas Corporation in 1985 and the company was re-branded as McDonnell Douglas Information Systems Limited (MDIS)._NEWLINE_The company introduced the M9000 (called Sequoia in U.S.) which offered dynamic performance using soft loaded firmware and processor performance keys using the same hardware components to minimise sparing and maximise cost effectiveness, (although 1Mb memory sold for 25,000 GBP in those days). A new manufacturing and office complex was built in Boundary Way, Hemel Hempstead. Work started virtually as soon as the building opened to double its size, so they became known as 'Phase 1 and 2' internally but 'Maylands Park' externally. The company then produced the UK designed Spirit processor which was launched as a lower-end Reality product as the M6000. Later the company developed the Series 19 (aka Pegasus) successor to the Sequoia using a worldwide development team spanning the two engineering facilities in Hemel Hempstead, UK and Irvine, California._NEWLINE_In 1989, the second new building, known as Marylands Park South, was completed at Boundary Way to accommodate the thousand staff then at the head office location. At the time, the company was thought to have one of the largest company car fleets in the UK (Hertz).
1992 was the last year MDIS made a computer system from scratch, which meant the end of UK manufacturing for the company. It continued its hardware and systems integration work at Maylands Park North. It could do this because it had produced RealityX, an open platform Reality environment (internally known for a time as CORA). This was the result of several years of development taking the Reality operating system (ROS) and re-engineering into a Unix application capable of running on non-MDIS computers. RealityX provided not only end user/application compatibility but also provided it at the developer assembler level. The same source code was used for RealityX and the original Reality implementations. RealityX allowed the Reality operating environment and applications developed for Reality to continue to be sold and maintained under the SeriesX name._NEWLINE_Initially MDIS used UNIX systems from Encore Computer, then from Motorola Computer Systems and Data General—all using M88k RISC processors and UnixSystem V. Later they moved to run on Solaris-based systems from Sun Microsystems. The open approach eventually led to a Microsoft Windows platform in 1995 and continued feature enhancements that are still being developed as of 2007. As a corollary to this operating environment, MDIS acquired and developed its PROIV fourth generation language (4GL), which was used worldwide by companies including Fujitsu. A variant was implemented on REALITY called ALL (Application Language Liberator)._NEWLINE_In 1993, a management buyout occurred. 29 Senior Managers and Directors of the company, under the leadership of Jerry Causley CEO, and through Barings Bank, purchased the company from McDonnell Douglas in 1993._NEWLINE_In 1994, the company was floated on the London Stock Exchange under the MDIS banner. Shares were sold, at the flotation, for 260p each. Within two months the shares were worth less than 100p._NEWLINE_Through the latter part of the 1990s, most of the original directors and senior managers left the company, to be replaced by a new management group. The new CEO, John Klien, took the reins after the company issued yet another profit warning to the stock exchange. The company's key application products (Human Resources) were re-implemented in PRO-IV to improve product availability and functionality._NEWLINE_In 1998, the Maylands Park South Building was sold to 3Com. This complex had accommodated about 600 staff, who were either re-located to the other Maylands Park building or, with others in the group, made redundant._NEWLINE_In 1999, Chris Stone was appointed as CEO. At this time the company was losing about £100m per year and several years of downsizing and rationalisation followed. The company re-focused on its core, local Government and Public Sector (police, fire, and ambulance) markets and application products (Payroll, Pensions and HR systems). Services such as hardware maintenance and managed services were also offered.
Introduced with the second-generation Maxwell architecture, third generation NVENC implements the video compression algorithm High Efficiency Video Coding (a.k.a. HEVC, H.265) and also increases the H.264 encoder's throughput to cover 4K-resolution at 60 Hz (2160p60). However, it does not support B-frames for HEVC encoding (just I and P frames). The maximum NVENC HEVC coding tree unit (CU) size is 32 (the HEVC standard allows a maximum of 64), and its minimum CU size is 8. _NEWLINE_HEVC encoding also lacks Sample Adaptive Offset (SAO). Adaptive quantization, look-ahead rate control, adaptive B-frames (H.264 only) and adaptive GOP features were added with the release of Nvidia Video Codec SDK 7.  These features rely on CUDA cores for hardware acceleration._NEWLINE_SDK 7 supports two forms of adaptive quantization; Spatial AQ (H.264 and HEVC) and Temporal AQ (H.264 only)._NEWLINE_Nvidia's consumer-grade (GeForce) cards are restricted to two simultaneous encoding jobs. Their professional Quadro cards do not have this restriction.
The Nvidia NVENC SIP core needs to be supported by the device driver. The driver provides one or more interfaces, (e.g. OpenMAX IL) to NVENC. The NVENC SIP core can only be accessed through the proprietary NVENC API (as opposed to the open-source VDPAU API). _NEWLINE_It is bundled with Nvidia's GeForce driver._NEWLINE_NVENC is available for Windows and Linux operating systems. The free and open-source nouveau device driver does not support Nvidia NVENC._NEWLINE_FFmpeg has supported NVENC since 2014, and is supported in Nvidia drivers.
Captain Oliver Loudon Gordon MVO RN (26 Jan 1896 – 30 Jan 1973) was in command of the heavy cruiser HMS Exeter from 11 March 1941 until she was sunk in the Second Battle of the Java Sea on 1 March 1942._NEWLINE_He later wrote of his experiences both in command of the Exeter and as a prisoner of war in Japan in the book Fight It Out, published in 1957.
Since the advent of newspapers, the obituary became a preferred method of memorializing the deceased. Until recently, obituaries were one of the most read sections of the newspaper. As new media technologies such as radio and television were created, the obituary adapted to best reflect capabilities available in the new communication media. Authors Brian Carroll and Katie Landry have argued that the appearance of online mourning reflects a logical progress of mourning via social media networks through use of new media. Changes to the obituary as it adapts over media include an exponential increase in information about the deceased, and the content reaching a wider geographic audience. The occurrence of online mourning presents a new paradigm in the memorialization process by providing interactive, sometimes competitive documents for mourners. Studies of Facebook and Myspace indicate that while the majority of living users visit memorialized profile accounts immediately after learning of an individual’s death, visitation often continues long after, albeit less frequently._NEWLINE_There have been so many cases of online memorialization that it has resulted in the creation of websites such as MyDeathSpace.com, which attempt to create a catalogue of memorializations available on social media websites. Dead users with active profiles became problematic due to the inability of social media algorithms to recognize a user is deceased. In 2009, Facebook addressed this issue updating its policy to include an outline for handling user deaths through switching dead users’ profiles to memorial statuses.
Initially Nandita Das and Simran were considered for the role of Bhanu. Saran first offered the script to Simran and she wanted to play the character since she had never played a villainous role before. Simran participated in a screen test and was confirmed for the role after she got good feedback from Saran. Laila was selected to play the other lead after Saran was impressed by her performance in Rojavanam.
On 17 May 1950, the base was renamed the "Long Range Proving Ground Base" but three months later was renamed "Patrick Air Force Base", in honor of Major General Mason Patrick._NEWLINE_On 3 May 1951, the Long Range Proving Ground Division was assigned to the newly created Air Research and Development Command (ARDC). The next month the division was redesignated the Air Force Missile Test Center (AFMTC)._NEWLINE_Cost comparison studies done in the early 1950s pointed out the desirability of letting contractors operate the station. The first range contract was signed with Pan American World Services on 31 December 1953. The Air Force Missile Test Center began transferring property and equipment to Pan American World Services at the end of that year. Pan American operated under contract to the Air Force for the next 34 years (until early October 1988). In 1988, the old range contract was divided into the Range Technical Services (RTS) and the Launch Base Services (LBS) contracts. The RTS contract was awarded to Computer Sciences Raytheon (CSR) in June 1988, and the LBS contract was awarded to Pan American World Services (later known as Johnson Controls) in August 1988._NEWLINE_The Eastern Range supported a variety of missile and manned and unmanned space programs in the 1960s, making it a regular focus of media attention.  In the 1960s, a test range office at Patrick AFB with a missile backdrop was used to film scenes for the TV sitcom, I Dream of Jeannie, which was set in nearby Cocoa Beach (no cast was present). But by the mid-1970s, the demise of the Apollo manned space program and the end of land-based ballistic missile development at nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station signaled a downturn in fortunes, and on 1 February 1977, the "Air Force Eastern Test Range" organization was inactivated and its functions transferred to Detachment 1 of the Space and Missile Test Center (SAMTEC) until the activation of the Eastern Space and Missile Center in 1979 on 1 October 1979. In 1990, ESMC was transferred from the inactivating Air Force Systems Command (AFSC) to the newly established Air Force Space Command (AFSPC).  On 12 November 1991 ESMC was inactivated and the 45th Space Wing (45 SW) assumed its remaining functions.
During the 2004 U.S. presidential election, Google bombs were used to further various political agendas. Two of the first were the "miserable failure" Google bomb linked to George W. Bush's White House biography and the "waffles" Google bomb linked to John Kerry's website. Supporters and detractors of the candidates were able to manipulate search engine rankings so that searches for "miserable failure" and "waffles" returned links to the targets' sites._NEWLINE_In 2006, Google altered its searching algorithm to make massive link farms less effective, making search results less politically slanted._NEWLINE_In January 2009, President Barack Obama's official White House web site also appeared on the first few results for "miserable failure" on Live Search and Yahoo, and on the first page of results for the word "failure" on Google. The cause of this is disputed, with some claiming it to be the result of a similar campaign. _NEWLINE_Others believe it to be a result of URL redirection from the old White House site (under President Bush) to the site for President Barack Obama. Because the HTTP301 redirect indicates that the old page is permanently replaced by the new one, it also inherits all links to it and therefore the ranking for the same keywords.
In computational number theory and computational algebra, Pollard's kangaroo algorithm (also Pollard's lambda algorithm, see Naming below) is an algorithm for solving the discrete logarithm problem.  The algorithm was introduced in 1978 by the number theorist J. M. Pollard, in the same paper  as his better-known Pollard's rho algorithm for solving the same problem.  Although Pollard described the application of his algorithm to the discrete logarithm problem in the multiplicative group of units modulo a prime p, it is in fact a generic discrete logarithm algorithm—it will work in any finite cyclic group.
Pollard gives the time complexity of the algorithm as , based on a probabilistic argument which follows from the assumption that f acts pseudorandomly. When the size of the set {a, …, b} to be searched is measured Pollard kangaroo algorithm , as is normal in complexity theory, the set  has size log(b − a), and so the algorithm's complexity is , which is exponential in the problem size.  For this reason, Pollard's lambda algorithm is considered an exponential time algorithm.  For an example of a subexponential time discrete logarithm algorithm, see the index calculus algorithm.
The algorithm is well known by two names._NEWLINE_The first is "Pollard's kangaroo algorithm".  This name is a reference to an analogy used in the paper presenting the algorithm, where the algorithm is explained in terms of using a tame kangaroo to trap a wild kangaroo.  Pollard has explained that this analogy was inspired by a "fascinating" article published in the same issue of Scientific American as an exposition of the RSA public key cryptosystem.  The article described an experiment in which a kangaroo's "energetic cost of locomotion, measured in terms of oxygen consumption at various speeds, was determined by placing kangaroos on a treadmill"._NEWLINE_The second is "Pollard's lambda algorithm".  Much like the name of another of Pollard's discrete logarithm algorithms, Pollard's rho algorithm, this name refers to the similarity between a visualisation of the algorithm and the Greek letter lambda ().  The shorter stroke of the letter lambda corresponds to the sequence , since it starts from the position b to the right of x.  Accordingly, the longer stroke corresponds to the sequence , which "collides with" the first sequence (just like the strokes of a lambda intersect) and then follows it subsequently._NEWLINE_Pollard has expressed a preference for the name "kangaroo algorithm", as this avoids confusion with some parallel versions of his rho algorithm, which have also been called "lambda algorithms".
In the study of human–computer interaction, predictability is the property to forecast the consequences of a user action given the current state of the system._NEWLINE_A contemporary example of human-computer interaction manifests in the development of computer vision algorithms for collision-avoidance software in self-driving cars. Researchers at NVIDIA Corporation, Princeton University, and other institutions are leveraging deep learning to teach computers to anticipate subsequent road scenarios based on visual information about current and previous states._NEWLINE_Another example of human-computer interaction are computer simulations meant to predict human behavior based on algorithms. For example, MIT has recently developed an incredibly accurate algorithm to predict the behavior of humans. When tested against television shows, the algorithm was able to predict with great accuracy the subsequent actions of characters. Algorithms and computer simulations like these show great promise for the future of artificial intelligence.
Next to menhir, stone table, and stone statue; Austronesian megalithic culture in Indonesia also featured earth and stone step pyramid structures called punden berundak as discovered in Pangguyangan site near Cisolok and in Cipari near Kuningan. The construction of stone pyramids is based on the native beliefs that mountains and high places are the abode for the spirit of the ancestors._NEWLINE_The step pyramid is the basic design of 8th century Borobudur Buddhist monument in Central Java. However the later temples built in Java were influenced by Indian Hindu architecture, as displayed by the towering spires of Prambanan temple. In the 15th century Java during late Majapahit period saw the revival of Austronesian indigenous elements as displayed by Sukuh temple that somewhat resemble Mesoamerican pyramid, and also stepped pyramids of Mount Penanggungan.
ReelTime claimed to be the first company to offer download to own for a major Hollywood studio (or electronic sell-through) outside of the US on a same day and date basis as retail release. ReelTime.tv delivered using a progressive download system allowing playout within minutes of commencement of download, such that feature-length movie and television entertainment are delivered direct to PC, Media Centre, playforsure compatible handhelds and TV via the ReelTime Media Centre. Because ReelTime used DRM via Microsoft PlaysForSure, it was incompatible with all free operating systems.
Robert James Plemmons (born December 18, 1938) is an American mathematician specializing in computational mathematics. He is the Emeritus Z. Smith Reynolds Professor of Mathematics and Computer Science at Wake Forest University. In 1979, Plemmons co-authored the book Nonnegative Matrices in the Mathematical Sciences.
In 2001, SCTV's affiliated television station in East Java launched Liputan 6 SCTV, a localised newscast which can only be seen in Surabaya. The North Sumatra version of Liputan 6 SCTV is seen on SCTV Medan at 9:30 am and re-run at 4:00 pm on SCTV; this version debuted in 1997. Depending on the relay station, additional TV local O Channel programs may also be seen.
Born in Charlottesville, Virginia, Floyd received a BA in Sociology from the University of California - Berkeley in 1971. She received an MS in Computer Science in 1987 and a PhD in 1989, both from UC - Berkeley. _NEWLINE_Floyd is best known in the field of congestion control as the inventor of Random Early Detection ("RED") active queue management scheme, thus founding the field of Active Queue Management (AQM) with Van Jacobson. Almost all Internet routers use RED or something developed from it to manage network congestion.  Floyd devised the now-common method of adding delay jitter to message timers to avoid synchronization._NEWLINE_Floyd, with Vern Paxson, in 1997 identified the lack of knowledge of network topology as the major obstacle in understanding how the Internet works. This paper, "Why We Don't Know How to Simulate the Internet", was re-published as "Difficulties in Simulating the Internet" in 2001 and won the IEEE Communications Society's William R. Bennett Prize Paper Award._NEWLINE_Floyd is also a co-author on the standard for TCP Selective acknowledgement (SACK), Explicit Congestion Notification (ECN), the Datagram Congestion Control Protocol (DCCP) and TCP Friendly Rate Control (TFRC).  _NEWLINE_She received the IEEE Internet Award in 2005 and the ACM SIGCOMM Award in 2007 for her contributions to congestion control. She has been involved in the Internet Architecture Board, and was in 2007 one of the top-ten most cited researchers in computer science. Floyd died at the age of 69 on August 25, 2019 in Berkeley, California from gallbladder cancer that had metastasized.
The Santa Fe Trail problem is a genetic programming exercise in which artificial ants search for food pellets according to a programmed set of instructions. The layout of food pellets in the Santa Fe Trail problem has become a standard for comparing different genetic programming algorithms and solutions._NEWLINE_One method for programming and testing algorithms on the Santa Fe Trail problem is by using the NetLogo application. There is at least one case of a student creating a Lego robotic ant to solve the problem.
A segmentation fault occurs when a program attempts to access a memory location that it is not allowed to access, or attempts to access a memory location in a way that is not allowed (for example, attempting to write to a read-only location, or to overwrite part of the operating system)._NEWLINE_The term "segmentation" has various uses in computing; in the context of "segmentation fault", a term used since the 1950s, it refers to the address space of a program. With memory protection, only the program's own address space is readable, and of this, only the stack and the read-write portion of the data segment of a program are writable, while read-only data and the code segment are not writable. Thus attempting to read outside of the program's address space, or writing to a read-only segment of the address space, results in a segmentation fault, hence the name._NEWLINE_On systems using hardware memory segmentation to provide virtual memory, a segmentation fault occurs when the hardware detects an attempt to refer to a non-existent segment, or to refer to a location outside the bounds of a segment, or to refer to a location in a fashion not allowed by the permissions granted for that segment.  On systems using only paging, an invalid page fault generally leads to a segmentation fault, and segmentation faults and page faults are both faults raised by the virtual memory management system. Segmentation faults can also occur independently of page faults: illegal access to a valid page is a segmentation fault, but not an invalid page fault, and segmentation faults can occur in the middle of a page (hence no page fault), for example in a buffer overflow that stays within a page but illegally overwrites memory._NEWLINE_At the hardware level, the fault is initially raised by the memory management unit (MMU) on illegal access (if the referenced memory exists), as part of its memory protection feature, or an invalid page fault (if the referenced memory does not exist). If the problem is not an invalid logical address but instead an invalid physical address, a bus error is raised instead, though these are not always distinguished._NEWLINE_At the operating system level, this fault is caught and a signal is passed on to the offending process, activating the process's handler for that signal. Different operating systems have different signal names to indicate that a segmentation fault has occurred. On Unix-like operating systems, a signal called SIGSEGV (abbreviated from segmentation violation) is sent to the offending process. On Microsoft Windows, the offending process receives a STATUS_ACCESS_VIOLATION exception.
Writing to read-only memory raises a segmentation fault. At the level of code errors, this occurs when the program writes to part of its own code segment or the read-only portion of the data segment, as these are loaded by the OS into read-only memory._NEWLINE_Here is an example of ANSI C code that will generally cause a segmentation fault on platforms with memory protection. It attempts to modify a string literal, which is undefined behavior according to the ANSI C standard. Most compilers will not catch this at compile time, and instead compile this to executable code that will crash:_NEWLINE_int main(void){_NEWLINE_    char *s = "hello world";_NEWLINE_    *s = 'H';}_NEWLINE_When the program containing this code is compiled, the string "hello world" is placed in the rodata section of the program executable file: the read-only section of the data segment. When loaded, the operating system places it with other strings and constant data in a read-only segment of memory. When executed, a variable, s, is set to point to the string's location, and an attempt is made to write an H character through the variable into the memory, causing a segmentation fault. Compiling such a program with a compiler that does not check for the assignment of read-only locations at compile time, and running it on a Unix-like operating system produces the following runtime error:_NEWLINE_$ gcc segfault.c -g -o segfault_NEWLINE_$ ./segfault_NEWLINE_Segmentation fault_NEWLINE_Backtrace of the core file from GDB:_NEWLINE_Program received signal SIGSEGV, Segmentation fault.0x1c0005c2 in main () at segfault.c:66               *s = 'H';_NEWLINE_This code can be corrected by using an array instead of a character pointer, as this allocates memory on stack and initializes it to the value of the string literal:_NEWLINE_char s[] = "hello world";s[0] = 'H';  // equivalently, *s = 'H';_NEWLINE_Even though string literals should not be modified (this has undefined behavior in the C standard), in C they are of static char [] type, so there is no implicit conversion in the original code (which points a char * at that array), while in C++ they are of static const char [] type, and thus there is an implicit conversion, so compilers will generally catch this particular error.
In C and C-like languages, null pointers are used to mean "pointer to no object" and as an error indicator, and dereferencing a null pointer (a read or write through a null pointer) is a very common program error. The C standard does not say that the null pointer is the same as the pointer to memory address 0, though that may be the case in practice. Most operating systems map the null pointer's address such that accessing it causes a segmentation fault. This behavior is not guaranteed by the C standard. Dereferencing a null pointer is undefined behavior in C, and a conforming implementation is allowed to assume that any pointer that is dereferenced is not null._NEWLINE_int *ptr = NULL;printf("%d", *ptr);_NEWLINE_This sample code creates a null pointer, and then tries to access its value (read the value). Doing so causes a segmentation fault at runtime on many operating systems._NEWLINE_Dereferencing a null pointer and then assigning to it (writing a value to a non-existent target) also usually causes a segmentation fault:_NEWLINE_int *ptr = NULL;*ptr = 1;_NEWLINE_The following code includes a null pointer dereference, but when compiled will often not result in a segmentation fault, as the value is unused and thus the dereference will often be optimized away by dead code elimination:_NEWLINE_int *ptr = NULL;*ptr;
Another example is recursion without a base case:_NEWLINE_ int main(void)_NEWLINE_ {_NEWLINE_    main();_NEWLINE_    return 0;_NEWLINE_ }_NEWLINE_which causes the stack to overflow which results in a segmentation fault.  Infinite recursion may not necessarily result in a stack overflow depending on the language, optimizations performed by the compiler and the exact structure of a code.  In this case, the behavior of unreachable code (the return statement) is undefined, so the compiler can eliminate it and use a tail call optimization that might result in no stack usage.  Other optimizations could include translating the recursion into iteration, which given the structure of the example function would result in the program running forever, while probably not overflowing its stack.
Shellsort performs more operations and has higher cache miss ratio than quicksort. However, since it can be implemented using little code and does not use the call stack, some implementations of the qsort function in the C standard library targeted at embedded systems use it instead of quicksort. Shellsort is, for example, used in the uClibc library. For similar reasons, an implementation of Shellsort is present in the Linux kernel._NEWLINE_Shellsort can also serve as a sub-algorithm of introspective sort, to sort short subarrays and to prevent a slowdown when the recursion depth exceeds a given limit. This principle is employed, for instance, in the bzip2 compressor.
Sig Mejdal grew up in San Jose, California. His mother was a nurse and his father was a career army officer. In his youth, Mejdal played little league baseball for six years. He was a fan of the Oakland A's and a member of the Society for American Baseball Research. According to UC Davis magazine, Sig Mejdal was "fascinated with the stats on the backs of baseball cards." Mejdal graduated from University of California, Davis with bachelor's degrees in mechanical engineering and aeronautical engineering. He later earned master's degrees in operations research and cognitive psychology from San Jose State University. While attending college in the late 1980s, he worked as a blackjack dealer at High Sierra in Lake Tahoe._NEWLINE_After graduating from UC Davis in 1989, Mejdal worked for Lockheed Martin's satellite operations unit at the Onizuka Air Force Station. Mejdal's interest in baseball was recreational until 2003, when Moneyball inspired him to consider pursuing a career in sabermetrics. He attended the Winter Meetings in search for a job in baseball, but ended up working for NASA as a biomathematician in the Fatigue Countermeasures Group. Mejdal studied sleep patterns of astronauts on the International Space Station in order to optimize their sleep schedules._NEWLINE_While working for NASA, Mejdal had a side job as the chief quantitative analyst for Sam Walker's fantasy baseball team Streetwalkers Baseball Club, which was participating in the Tout Wars competition's "Battle of the Experts." The fantasy team would later become the subject of Walker's book: Fantasyland: A Sportswriter's Obsessive Bid to Win the World's Most Ruthless Fantasy Baseball._NEWLINE_In 2005, Sig Mejdal was recruited to do sabermetrics for the St. Louis Cardinals' new analytics department. He took 22 months of data from college baseball games and ran it through an algorithm to determine the likely performance and stats baseball players would achieve. According to Sports Illustrated, "[o]ver the next seven seasons the Cardinals would draft more players who became big leaguers than any other organization." He was promoted to senior quantitative analyst in 2008 and director of amateur draft analysis in January 2011. Mejdal created a formula to predict the risk of injury to baseball players and contributed a section on injury probability to The Bill James Handbook._NEWLINE_In 2012, Mejdal became the Director of Decision Sciences for the Houston Astros, where he supported recruitment decisions based on physical tests and historical player performance. Hiring Mejdal to apply an analytics-based decision tree on their player choices was part of the effort to revitalize the team and address performance issues in prior seasons. He helped the team create the STOUT system, named after the combination of "stat" and "scout," for making player choices. The system was criticized for de-humanizing players, but after trading off some players and making new recruits, the Astro's farm system became ranked among the best in baseball. The Astros also used analytics to persuade players that were uncomfortable with non-traditional positions on the field to embrace shifts, which the team now uses very heavily._NEWLINE_In 2015, Mejdal was one of the team's advisers whose login credentials were believed to have been used to hack into the team's database._NEWLINE_When Mike Elias was hired from the Astros as general manager of the Baltimore Orioles, Elias hired Mejdal as his assistant general manager.
Another refresh of the VAIO S Series lineup was released in the spring of 2012, coinciding with the launch of Intel's 22 nm Ivy Bridge processors, the 3rd Generation Core i3/i5/i7 processors. The number of models were consolidated to only three versions: S13, S15, and S13 Premium. The S13 followed the basic model of the previous generation with a 13.3" screen at a native resolution of 1366x768, and retained the same overall angular design and backlit chiclet keyboard. From a physical standpoint the most major change was that the trackpad was changed to a "clickpad" and the dedicated buttons were removed.  It weighed 3.8 lbs and was 0.95" thick. Most of the changes from the last generation of VAIO S laptops were update hardware. It featured dual-core 3rd Generation Intel Core i5/i7 processors. For the graphics options, Sony switched from AMD back to NVIDIA with the GeForce GT 640M LE with 1GB DDR3 dedicated video RAM. NVIDIA's Optimus technology allowed the laptop to conserve battery life by switching from the discrete GPU and the low-power Intel HD Graphics 4000 chip integrated in the CPU when high-powered graphics were not required. Like the 13.3" S notebook before it, it had 4GB of RAM soldered to the board, and 0, 2GB, or 4GB of removable memory in a user-accessible memory slot. It also had an optional internal Blu-ray reader or burner available, as well as a sheet battery for additional power._NEWLINE_The S13 Premium was constructed of carbon fiber (as opposed to the magnesium casing of the standard S13) and as such was slightly thinner (0.90") and lighter (3.69 lbs).  It also featured a higher resolution 1600x900 display that was not available on the standard S13, and an option to upgrade to 2GB of dedicated video RAM instead of 1GB._NEWLINE_The S15 was the larger variant in the 4th VAIO S Series, with (like its predecessor, the SE) a 15.5" IPS Panel with a matte finish and a 1920x1080 native resolution.  Also as with the SE before it, its additional size let it fit a full number pad in the keyboard as well as a 3.5mm microphone jack; both S13 models have only a headphone jack. It was upgradable to the quad-core Core i7-3612QM CPU, which was not available on either of the 13.3" models, and the first quad-core processor in the S Series.  The graphics card was the same GeForce GT 640M LE found in the 13.3" models, and like the S13 Premium, the S15 had an option to upgrade to 2GB of dedicated video RAM.  The S15 was remarkably slim for its size, weighing only 4.42 lbs and keeping the 0.95" thickness of the standard S13 model. There was no carbon fiber variant of the S15._NEWLINE_In October 2012, VAIO had a small refresh for the release of Microsoft's Windows 8 operating system. The quad-core Intel Core i7-3612QM processor that was available in the S15 was swapped for its updated replacement, the Core i7-3632QM. There were no other hardware changes, however Sony did reorganize their available configurations, slashing hardware upgrade prices and making the 1600x900 resolution display available as an upgrade on the non-premium S13._NEWLINE_In addition, they added new colors (Pink and Red) to the existing options of Black, White, Silver for the standard S13. These colors were not added to the S15 options, which remained Black, White, and Silver. The S13 Premium color options (Carbon Fiber Black, Carbon Fiber Gunmetal, and Carbon Fiber Gold) likewise were not changed.
In April 1983 Compute! published Scriptor, a word processor written by staff writer Charles Brannon in BASIC and assembly language, as a type-in program for the Atari 8-bit family. In January 1984 version 1.0 of his new word processor SpeedScript appeared in Compute!'s Gazette for the Commodore 64 and VIC-20. 1.1 appeared in Compute!'s Second Book of Commodore 64, 2.0 on Gazette Disk in May 1984, and 3.0 in Compute! in March and April 1985. Corrections that updated 3.0 to 3.1 appeared in May 1985, and the full version appeared in a book published by Compute!, SpeedScript: The Word Processor for the Commodore 64 and VIC-20. A 3.2 update appeared in the December 1985 Compute! and January 1986 Compute! Disk and again later in the May 1987 Compute!'s Gazette issue with three additional utilities._NEWLINE_SpeedScript was later ported to the Atari and the Apple II family in Compute! in May and June 1985 respectively. SpeedScript was written entirely in assembly language, and Compute! Publications later released book/disk combinations that contained the complete commented source code (as well as the machine language in MLX format) for each platform._NEWLINE_A version of SpeedScript for MS-DOS was created in 1988 by Randy Thompson and published in book form by Compute! Books. This version was written in Turbo Pascal with portions written in assembly language, and added incremental new features to the word processor such as additional printer commands, full cursor-control (to take advantage of the PC's Home, End, PgUp, and PgDn keys), and a native 80-column mode.
Few scholarships provided are - Shri Deepak Santosh Sing Chandalia , Krisnarajira Javalkar , Yashwantrao N. H. Hangirrgekar , Hemandra Turakhia , Mrs. Manorama P. Shenoy and Shantappa Maroor ; _NEWLINE_and _NEWLINE_Late Dr. N. R. Kulkarni , Master Hemant M. Sanzgiri Memorial , Sub Krishnarao Balawant Sawalekar , Ajit Banahatti , Ramachnadra Chate , Smt. Manorma Pise , Tejas N. Shanbhag , Smt. Neelamma Mahadevappa Hugar , Rev A. V. Rubdi , Mr H. S. Johnson , Ms. S. A. Rubdi , Naveen Kamble , Sri Ajit Vamanrao Jadhav scholarships respectively.
Stockfish's strength relative to the best human chess players was most apparent in a handicap match with grandmaster Hikaru Nakamura (2798-rated) in August 2014. In the first two games of the match, Nakamura had the assistance of an older version of Rybka, and in the next two games, he received White with pawn odds but no assistance. Nakamura was the world's fifth-best human chess player at the time of the match, while Stockfish were denied use of its opening book and endgame tablebase. Stockfish won each half of the match 1.5–0.5. Both of Stockfish's wins arose from positions in which Nakamura, as is typical for his playing style, pressed for a win instead of acquiescing to a draw._NEWLINE_An artificial-intelligence approach, designed by Jean-Marc Alliot of the Institut de recherche en informatique de Toulouse ("Toulouse Computer Science Research Institute"), which compares chess grandmaster moves against that of Stockfish, rated Magnus Carlsen as the best player of all-time, as he had the highest probability of all World Chess Champions to play the moves that Stockfish suggested.
Release versions and development versions are available as C++ source code and as precompiled versions for Microsoft Windows, macOS, Linux 32-bit/64-bit and Android._NEWLINE_Stockfish has been a very popular engine for various platforms. On the desktop, it is the default chess engine bundled with the Internet Chess Club interface programs BlitzIn and Dasher. On the mobile platform, it has been bundled with the Stockfish app, SmallFish and Droidfish. Other Stockfish-compatible graphical user interfaces (GUIs) include Fritz, Arena, Stockfish for Mac, and PyChess. As of March 2014, Stockfish is the chess engine used by Lichess, a popular online chess site.
Some lexicographers claim that no synonyms have exactly the same meaning (in all contexts or social levels of language) because etymology, orthography, phonic qualities, connotations, ambiguous meanings, usage, and so on make them unique. Different words that are similar in meaning usually differ for a reason: feline is more formal than cat; long and extended are only synonyms in one usage and not in others (for example, a long arm is not the same as an extended arm). Synonyms are also a source of euphemisms._NEWLINE_Metonymy can sometimes be a form of synonymy: the White House is used as a synonym of the administration in referring to the U.S. executive branch under a specific president. Thus a metonym is a type of synonym, and the word metonym is a hyponym of the word synonym._NEWLINE_The analysis of synonymy, polysemy, hyponymy, and hypernymy is inherent to taxonomy and ontology in the information-science senses of those terms. It has applications in pedagogy and machine learning, because they rely on word-sense disambiguation.
Tara began her career as part of the Release Engineering team at Borland, working mainly on development kits for C++ and Delphi. After moving to Netscape, she was "the first build engineer hired for the Client Engineering team" for Netscape Navigator, and was later promoted to managing the teams working on Netcape across all platforms. During this time she was also involved in the development of projects like bug tracker Bugzilla, CVS repository browser Bonsai, and pioneering continuous integration server Tinderbox. _NEWLINE_After these projects were taken over by the Mozilla project, she served as a Project Owner for Bugzilla (2000-2002) and Bonsai (1999-2006), and is credited with "keeping Bugzilla development going strong after Terry [Weissman] left mozilla.org".
Texas College offers bachelor's degree programs in biology, business administration, criminal justice, computer science, English, interdisciplinary studies (teacher certification), mathematics, music, liberal studies, religion, social work and sociology. Also available are Associate of Arts degrees in early childhood education and general studies, as well as a post-baccalaureate alternative certification teacher education program for people with bachelor's degrees.
The Party Party was a British radio series broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 1987. The six-part series was political comedy set in 1993 written by Moray Hunter and was performed by Robert Glenister, Rory Bremner, Clive Mantle, Hugh Laurie, Morwenna Banks and Robin Driscoll. It was meta, satirical and a bit surreal, in many cases referring to techniques used on the radio (fading footsteps, fading your voice for scene changes), and the longevity of their character ("Are we on the next page yet?", "Do I get extra parts?"). Set in a town called "Microcosm", characters included "P", "Three", "Lord Knight", and Penny, Dan, and Norman who were being taught radio techniques by "Mr. Mann". They had the "Minister of Honesty", the "Minister of Flannel" and the "Department of Secrets". Bits have strong echoes of the self-referential news sketches of Monty Python.
A few years after the arrival of Mahinda, the bhikkhu Saṅghamittā, who is also believed to have been the daughter of Ashoka, came to Sri Lanka. She ordained the first nuns in Sri Lanka. In 429, by request of China's emperor, nuns from Anuradhapura were sent to China to establish the order there, which subsequently spread across East Asia. The prātimokṣa of the nun's order in East Asian Buddhism is the Dharmaguptaka, which is different than the prātimokṣa of the current Theravāda school; the specific ordination of the early Sangha in Sri Lanka not known, although the Dharmaguptaka sect originated with the Sthāvirīya as well._NEWLINE_The nun's order subsequently died out in Sri Lanka in the 11th century and in Burma in the 13th century. It had already died out around the 10th century in other Theravādin areas. Novice ordination has also disappeared in those countries. Therefore, women who wish to live as renunciates in those countries must do so by taking eight or ten precepts. Neither laywomen nor formally ordained, these women do not receive the recognition, education, financial support or status enjoyed by Buddhist men in their countries.  These "precept-holders" live in Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Nepal, and Thailand. In particular, the governing council of Burmese Buddhism has ruled that there can be no valid ordination of women in modern times, though some Burmese monks disagree. Japan is a special case as, although it has neither the bhikkhuni nor novice ordinations, the precept-holding nuns who live there do enjoy a higher status and better education than their precept-holder sisters elsewhere, and can even become Zen priests. In Tibet there is currently no bhikkhuni ordination, but the Dalai Lama has authorized followers of the Tibetan tradition to be ordained as nuns in traditions that have such ordination._NEWLINE_In 1996, 11 selected Sri Lankan women were ordained fully as Theravāda bhikkhunis by a team of Theravāda monks in concert with a team of Korean nuns in India. There is disagreement among Theravāda vinaya authorities as to whether such ordinations are valid. The Dambulla chapter of the Siam Nikaya in Sri Lanka also carried out a nun's ordination at this time, specifically stating their ordination process was a valid Theravādin process where the other ordination session was not. This chapter has carried out ordination ceremonies for hundreds of nuns since then. This has been criticized by leading figures in the Siam Nikaya and Amarapura Nikaya, and the governing council of Buddhism in Myanmar has declared that there can be no valid ordination of nuns in modern times, though some Burmese monks disagree with this._NEWLINE_In 1997 Dhamma Cetiya Vihara in Boston was founded by Ven. Gotami of Thailand, then a 10 precept nun; when she received full ordination in 2000, her dwelling became America's first Theravāda Buddhist bhikkhuni vihara._NEWLINE_A 55-year-old Thai Buddhist 8-precept white-robed maechee nun, Varanggana Vanavichayen, became the first woman to receive the going-forth ceremony of a  novice (and the gold robe) in Thailand, in 2002. On February 28, 2003, Dhammananda Bhikkhuni, formerly known as Chatsumarn Kabilsingh, became the first Thai woman to receive bhikkhuni ordination as a Theravāda nun._NEWLINE_Dhammananda Bhikkhuni was ordained in Sri Lanka. The Thai Senate has reviewed and revoked the secular law passed in 1928 banning women's full ordination in Buddhism as unconstitutional for being counter to laws protecting freedom of religion. However Thailand's two main Theravāda Buddhist orders, the Mahanikaya and Dhammayutika Nikaya, have yet to officially accept fully ordained women into their ranks._NEWLINE_In 2009 in Australia four women received bhikkhuni ordination as Theravāda nuns, the first time such ordination had occurred in Australia. It was performed in Perth, Australia, on 22 October 2009 at Bodhinyana Monastery. Abbess Vayama together with Venerables Nirodha, Seri, and Hasapanna were ordained as Bhikkhunis by a dual Sangha act of Bhikkhus and Bhikkhunis in full accordance with the Pāli Vinaya._NEWLINE_In 2010, in the US, four novice nuns were given the full bhikkhuni ordination in the Thai Theravāda tradition, which included the double ordination ceremony. Henepola Gunaratana and other monks and nuns were in attendance. It was the first such ordination ever in the Western hemisphere._NEWLINE_The first bhikkhuni ordination in Germany, the ordination of German woman Samaneri Dhira, occurred on June 21, 2015 at Anenja Vihara._NEWLINE_In Indonesia, the first Theravāda ordination of bhikkhunis in Indonesia after more than a thousand years occurred in 2015 at Wisma Kusalayani in Lembang, Bandung in West Java. Those ordained included Vajiradevi Sadhika Bhikkhuni from Indonesia, Medha Bhikkhuni from Sri Lanka, Anula Bhikkhuni from Japan, Santasukha Santamana Bhikkhuni from Vietnam, Sukhi Bhikkhuni and Sumangala Bhikkhuni from Malaysia, and Jenti Bhikkhuni from Australia.
Roz Kaveney wrote in The Guardian in 2010 that tranny had recently appeared to be undergoing reappropriation to be used with pride by trans activists, but "it didn't take", due in part to the word's continued currency as a term of abuse. Lance Bass said in 2011 that he had thought the term was not a slur, having heard it frequently on RuPaul's Drag Race or Project Runway, but apologized for using the term on Access Hollywood after learning from The Advocate and the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) that it was no longer acceptable. GLAAD's 2011 Transgender Resource Page said the term is "usually considered offensive and/or defamatory to transgender people"._NEWLINE_Trans activists like Justin Vivian Bond, Kate Bornstein, and drag queens such as RuPaul and Lady Bunny have advocated for use of the term. Bond said in 2014 that banning the word does not eliminate transphobia but rather "steal[s] a joyous and hard-won identity from those of us who are and have been perfectly comfortable, if not delighted to be trannies."  At the same time, RuPaul said "I love the word tranny," and that the word was not being redefined by the transgender community, but only by "fringe people who are looking for story lines to strengthen their identity as victims". Bornstein said the word was used in the 1960s and 1970s in Sydney, Australia by trans people as "a name for the identity they shared", but said no one should think Bornstein was giving them permission to use the term to describe anyone without first knowing the term they used for their gender identity. Cristin Williams reviewed historic uses of the term and found the first published instance in 1983, originating among gay men, and expressed doubt that it originated many years prior to this._NEWLINE_In 2014, the Tranny Awards changed its name to the Transgender Erotica Awards, citing feedback from the "extended trans adult community" as a reason to stop using the term. In 2017, Facebook's anti-hate speech algorithms started blocking posts containing tranny, as well as dyke and fag.
It has in various guises been associated with the seat of the highest political authority in the land for almost two and a half centuries. The building seemingly had modest beginnings with the earliest known reference to the site being in 1674 when the Dutch East India Company first built a "garden house" to store the tools for the Company's large garden first established by Jan van Riebeeck in 1652. In about 1682, the toolshed was converted into a guesthouse to entertain foreign visitors of the Governor Simon van der Stel._NEWLINE_The building was renovated and enlarged numerous times until 1751 when it was first recorded that the building was being used as a summer residence by the Governor, a custom which the historical record seems to bear out for all the Dutch Governors that century. By 1790 the building was known as The Governor's House in the Company's Gardens ('Het Governiurs Huys in de Compagnies Tuyn') and by this time – as reflected in the drawings of Josephus Jones circa 1790 – the gardens side of the building already had its rococo balusters with its stucco drapes and Greco-Roman sculptures._NEWLINE_From a design perspective, the building, incorporating both Louis XVI-style Neo-classicism and Baroque elements, was influenced by 18th Century Dutch and Dutch East Indies architecture of the time. Similar facades, windows, doors and fanlights can be seen in Colonial buildings built in the same period in places such as Amsterdam and Batavia (modern-day Indonesia)._NEWLINE_The plans for the building and the overall design are largely credited to the French architect Louis Michel Thibault (1750- 1815) who studied under Louis XVI's Architect-in-Chief. However, the artistic detail of the outside facades, including the sculptures of the infant Mercury and Poseidon drawn from Greek mythology holding the banner on which the VOC emblem of the Dutch East India Company was emblazoned, are variously attributed to a sculptor Jacobus Leeuwenberg, a Dutchman and sculptor Anton Anreith (1754- 1822), a German, both of whom are known to have worked extensively in the Cape in the last quarter of the 18th Century. Yet it is not as well known that much of the infrastructure of the Cape at this time was built by slaves, including the actual construction of buildings._NEWLINE_By the late 18th century slaves drawn from Madagascar, Angola, India, Java, Malaysia, etc., outnumbered settlers in the colony. In more recent years historians have acknowledged the fact that certainly during the period around 1790 skilled slaves were the only artisans in the colony. Their artisan skills were to a great extent relied upon, a fact borne out by the recorded comments of many early travellers to the Cape, one of whom famously wrote that no settler would: "put his hand to any kind of handicraft". Skilled slaves often undertook building and artisanal work for wealthy farmers, businessmen and government. These slaves were so well-established that in the early 19th century visiting British royal commissioners recorded that recently arrived English and Irish settlers were often apprenticed to local slaves from whom they were learning trades._NEWLINE_Saddlery, masonry, cabinet-making, wood-work, carpentry work, and plastering, such as in gables and pediments, have long been skills associated with slave craftsmen – especially those of South East Asian descent – and their descendants in the Cape. The actual manufacture of the Tuynhuys door as well as the construction of the building is shrouded in the mists of time and history. Yet research on slave history in the Cape give insights from which it is possible to make an informed deduction. Historian Robert C.H. Shell has speculated on the provenance of a not dissimilar front door to be found at Genadendal, previously WestBrook, the President's Cape Town residence, on the Groote Schuur Estate. It is documented that the Genadendal door was bought in the early part of the 20th century from the demolished original farmhouse of the Elsenburg farm in Stellenbosch by Cecil John Rhodes for his estate._NEWLINE_According to Shell the original door might very well have been the work of a slave called Rangton van Bali, who was captured on the island of Bali and sold into slavery in Jakarta to Jacob de Jong, a well known Cape slave trader. He was brought to the Cape where he was in turn sold to Samuel Elsevier, the Fiscal of Governor Simon van der Stel, to whom Elsevier was related by marriage._NEWLINE_Rangton was a skilled carpenter who eventually bought his own freedom in 1712 and practised as a successful artisan until his death in 1720. Shell speculates that it was Rangton who would have made the original majestic door of the farmhouse at Elsenburg farm which Simon van der Stel had granted Elsevier in Stellenbosch. This was the very door which was bought by Rhodes, a known collector of architectural artefacts, a hundred years later._NEWLINE_From what we now know about the role of skilled slaves in the construction of Cape buildings during the late 18th century, and the historical reconstruction of the life and occupations of slaves such as Rangton, it is reasonable to suggest that the original Tuynhuys building, its doors and windows, may very well have been executed by slaves._NEWLINE_After the second British occupation in 1806, the building, now called Government House, underwent a complete change of character. In accordance with the fashion of architectural simplification which swept the Cape at the time, the decorative façade and other baroque adornments from the Dutch period were plastered over and concealed, to create a Georgian-style building typical of the period. Governor Lord Charles Somerset extended the building on both sides to accommodate a ballroom, a magnificent staircase and fireplaces. It is said that he wanted the building to be suitable for a representative of the Monarchy. Indeed, in 1947 the British Royal family stayed at Government House on their visit to South Africa._NEWLINE_In 1968, Cape Town architect Gabriel Fagan undertook the complex task of restoring the building to its former 18th-century glory. The 1790 drawing by Josephus Jones and another by the French architect Thibault were used by Fagan to recreate the garden façade of the building. The Jones sketch shows a frieze and balustrade of 24m which was built over at the time of Lord Charles Somerset. After careful excavation it was discovered that the stucco garlands and other floral decorations and relief work, conforming to the Jones drawings, had remained reasonably intact._NEWLINE_The two Greco-Roman sculptures had however not survived. Mr Fagan commissioned Sydney Hunter to recreate the entire balustrade while the wood carvings were executed by the Greek craftsman, Josef Vazirkianzikis. Fagan was mindful of the incremental additions and changes over the centuries, and these he sought to reflect sensitively in the restoration._NEWLINE_Consequently, De Tuynhuys, as it was named in 1972, was restored as authentically as was possible to its 18th-century state, while incorporating the best features of later additions to the building. The result has been a harmonious synthesis.
As of 2015, the company first amplifies a portion of the bacterial gene that encodes 16S ribosomal RNA using PCR, then sequences the amplified 16S ribosomal RNA gene, which allows bacteria to be categorized at the genus level. The company has proprietary machine learning algorithms that analyze the sequence data and compare it with the company's proprietary database of microbiomes, built from the samples that partners and single customers send to them, and web-based software that allows individuals to view their microbiome and make certain comparisons.  A 2014 report in Xconomy said the company outsources the sequencing.  The sequencing is done on the Illumina NextSeq500 sequencer._NEWLINE_In October 2015 the company introduced an app on iOS using ResearchKit that allowed customers to view their results on mobile devices._NEWLINE_uBiome has been compared with Theranos and 23andMe, each of which are also biotechnology companies influenced by Silicon Valley.
UPCRC Illinois is one of two Universal Parallel Computing Research Centers launched in 2008 by Microsoft Corporation and Intel Corporation to accelerate the development of mainstream parallel computing for consumer and business applications such as desktop and mobile computing. UPCRC Illinois is a joint research effort of the Department of Computer Science and the Coordinated Science Laboratory at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. Research is conducted by faculty members and graduate students from the departments of Computer Science and Electrical and Computer Engineering. UPCRC Illinois research faculty are led by Co-Directors Marc Snir and Wen-mei Hwu.
UTC Reading specialises in computer science and engineering. Pupils aged 14 to 16 study a core number of GCSEs and also choose a BTEC First Extended Certificate in either engineering or ICT. Sixth form students choose between the specialisms and then take a programme of related study which can include A Levels, BTECs and GCSEs.
The college provides 4 years Bachelor of Technology degrees in 6 disciplines of engineering: Civil Engineering, Computer Science Engineering,  Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Electrical and Electronics Engineering and Applied Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering. A three-year B.Tech degree for diploma holders as lateral entries is also offered. All courses are full-time. The college also provides 2 years Master of Technology degrees in 2 specializations: Machine Design and ETCEand also Master of Business Administration degree_NEWLINE_Each academic year consists of two semesters and a summer term. The education system is organized around a credit system, which ensures continuous evaluation of a student's performance and provides flexibility to choose courses to suit the student's ability or convenience. Each course is assigned credits depending upon the class hours.
In computer science, a vectored interrupt is a processing technique in which the interrupting device directs the processor to the appropriate interrupt service routine. This is in contrast to a polled interrupt system, in which a single interrupt service routine must determine the source of the interrupt by checking all potential interrupt sources, a slow and relatively laborious process.
Woobi was founded in 2009 under the name "TokenAds". Its first product was a monetization solution for Facebook Apps, through an “offer-wall”. The company HQ is located in Tel Aviv. Early in 2014 Woobi opened its UK office based in London, and in 2016 in NYC._NEWLINE_Since its incorporation, the company had focused on IGA (In Game Advertising), rather than a wider social/entertainment application, and has released several technological advancements developed in-house over the years, aimed at monetizing non-paying players without compromising their gaming experience through targeted value-exchange in-game ads:_NEWLINE_In 2009 TokenAds launched both the "Glocalization" concept, enabling local brands to advertise to local audiences, on a global basis, as well as real-time Optimization technologies based on Game Traits._NEWLINE_In 2011 TokenAds introduced in-play ad formats, integrated into gameplay (rather than into the game's payment section as was commonly used by game developers and publishers at the time)._NEWLINE_In 2012 the company launched its cross-game tracking technology, aimed at improving user targeting capabilities, leading to its investment in developing wider user profiling technologies, and the release of its cross-data user profiling based platform in 2013._NEWLINE_In 2014 the company submitted a patent for its Dynamic Mindset Advertising technology, which is based on an algorithm integrated into free-to-play game loops and the user's gameplay, and which, unlike standard digital media monetization, which is statically displayed in pre-determined media slots, the DMA based monetization aims to identify the exact moment a user is in a receptive mindset to engaging with a brand before displaying the ad._NEWLINE_In September 2014, TokenAds rebranded as "Woobi"_NEWLINE_With the development of programmatic advertising, and its shift towards branded video ads, in 2016 Woobi launched its own in-game SSP (Supply Side Platform), and the RTB (Real-Time Bidding) Exchange. The company also leveraged its buyer-side platform to serve as an easy programmatic gateway for brand advertisers into the world of gaming._NEWLINE_In January 2017, Woobi won the Digiday Video Awards for "Best Video Distribution Platform", and was nominated for the Digiday Europe Awards for "Best Video Adtech Innovation"_NEWLINE_In April 2017, Woobi was nominated for the Drum Digital Trading Awards for Best Overall Technology for Programmatic Trading, and won the White Bull Awards for the 2nd year in a row.
In 2005, Jeremy Stribling, Daniel Aguayo, and Maxwell Krohn, three computer-science graduate students at MIT, submitted to WMSCI the paper Rooter: A Methodology for the Typical Unification of Access Points and Redundancy, generated by SCIgen, software they had developed to create nonsense papers in Computer Science._NEWLINE_Stribling stated that the paper was submitted to WMSCI because of its repeated e-mails. In his words: "You see lists of speakers, and there's no one you've ever heard of... They spam us." Papers generated by this software were submitted to other similar conferences. The promotional policy of WMSCI followed strictly the USA Congress CAN-SPAM Act of 2003-2008. Following criticism of the per-conference-participant fees and their acceptance of talks without any review the organization responded as follows:_NEWLINE_[We] think it is legitimate and academically respectful to accept non-reviewed papers, especially if we take into account that in the call for papers in our conferences has always been clearly stated that we accept NON-RESEARCH papers submission, as it is the case of position papers, invited papers, case studies, panels' presentations, reports, etc. which are usually accepted, or not, on a non-reviewing base._NEWLINE_Since 2006, the organization abandoned the policy of accepting for presentation (not necessarily publication) 15% of non-refereed papers. Papers of non-refereed presentations were eligible for publication in the post-conference edition of the proceedings if they are selected as the best paper by the respective session audience. Motivating their previous acceptance policy, based on 15% of non-refereed presentation which respective papers might be published if they are selected as the best of the respective sessions, the organization says: _NEWLINE_In a survey made by the National Cancer Institute where "active, resilient, generally successful scientist researchers" were interviewed, just 17.7 percent of them disagreed with the statement "reviewers are reluctant to support unorthodox or high-risk research"... This is one of the reasons why, in WMSCI Conferences, we accepted in the past non-reviewed papers taking the intrinsic risks of this kind of paper acceptances. Deception was a risk that was not perceived at the moment of examining the risks of this kind of acceptance policy.
Xbase++ supports the old commands @SAY/GET to define data entry forms as well as a graphic editor to create data entry forms similar to Visual FoxPro. It also has a visual development environment, support for OEM files (DOS format) and ANSI (Windows), an integrated debugger and a resource compiler to add icons and graphics to the application. It can generate EXE or DLL files.
Y.Cube_NEWLINE_Y.Cube is a ready-to-install storage system with all components inside a single enclosure. This off the-shelf solution comprises batteries, inverter, HVAC and auxiliary components, tested and pre-assembled by Younicos._NEWLINE_Y.Station_NEWLINE_Y.Station is designed specifically to meet large-scale energy storage requirements. The pre-designed, pre-engineered solution allows for efficient project planning and faster deployment._NEWLINE_Y.Q_NEWLINE_The Younicos Y.Q operating system is an integrated control platform and the intelligent core of every Younicos energy storage solution.
In mid-2007, A10 Networks launched its AX Series of application delivery controllers/load balancing appliances._NEWLINE_On May 21, 2013, A10 resolved its question of responsibility for intellectual property infringement and unfair competition practices by reaching a settlement with Brocade Communications Systems. Brocade had earlier been awarded $112 million in 2012._NEWLINE_In May 2013 A10 launched its A10 Thunder Series platforms of hardware and software application delivery controllers (ADCs). _NEWLINE_A10 Networks released the Harmony design of the Thunder Series ADC in 2015._NEWLINE_Also in 2015, A10 Networks upgraded the Advanced Core Operating System (ACOS). The update allowed 100 percent of software capabilities to be addressed by APIs, whereas the previous ACOS could only address 40 percent through APIs._NEWLINE_In 2016, A10 acquired the cloud-native ADC company Appcito.
ANSI C is now supported by almost all the widely used compilers. GCC and Clang are two major C compilers popular today, both are based on the C11 with updates including changes from later specifications such as C17 and C18. Any program written only in standard C and without any hardware dependent assumptions is virtually guaranteed to compile correctly on any platform with a conforming C implementation.  Without such precautions, most programs may compile only on a certain platform or with a particular compiler, due, for example, to the use of non-standard libraries, such as GUI libraries, or to the reliance on compiler- or platform-specific attributes such as the exact size of certain data types and byte endianness.
The project included many technology contributions among Linux, Solaris and SPARC. The Afara CPU used a SPARC port of Debian GNU/Linux initially. Debian GNU/Linux contributions to Afara Websystem's former CPU architecture continued to grow, including commercial support for Ubuntu, a Debian GNU/Linux-based operating system. Afara Websystems' former platform direction seemed further validated when Sun hired Ian Murdock, founder of the Debian distribution, to head operating system platform strategy, and cross-pollinate Solaris with a new OS packaging technology similar to that of Debian GNU/Linux._NEWLINE_The new CPU architecture of Afara Websystems, which became known as "Niagara", had enough merit to cause a competing internal Sun project under DeSantis' organization, called "Honeybee", to be canceled._NEWLINE_Pressure was placed on the computing industry to add cores and threads. While competing microprocessor vendors were designing dual-core chips with two dual-threads per core, the original "Niagara" architecture was a more radical design: an eight core processor with four threads per core._NEWLINE_The new family of SPARC microprocessors, trademarked by Sun as "CoolThreads", was released with model names of UltraSPARC T1 (2005), UltraSPARC T2 (2007), UltraSPARC T2 Plus (2008) and the further derivative UltraSPARC T3 (2010).  While SPARC is an open instruction set architecture, where vendors build their own processors to an open specification defined by SPARC International, this new family of microprocessors was not only created to the open specification, but its implementation was now free, where people could download the source code, and manufacture them independently._NEWLINE_For web serving loads, Sun had catapulted to become the uncontested fastest single processor on the planet in December 2005, performing 7x faster than the closest Intel server, and has been consistently the highest throughput web server, with the closest competition being 2x-3x slower (socket to socket comparison) as of mid-2009._NEWLINE_Oracle Corporation announced its intention to acquire Sun in April 2009, a deal which closed in January 2010. By the end of 2010, market competitors started to release similar products with multiple cores, a less radical approach to threading, but with similar performance characteristics. Oracle continued the radical approach of the original Afara SPARC architecture (large numbers of threads per large number of simple cores) with the release of the SPARC T3 processor in September 2010 - the first 16 core commodity central processing unit, yielding another top performance benchmark, but only by a slim margin. _NEWLINE_Olokotun returned to Stanford University to head its "Pervasive Parallelism Lab" in 2008, to help shape the future of software, as he did with hardware._NEWLINE_Fermi Wang and Les Kohn founded  Ambarella with a focus on high definition video capture and delivery markets.
Quick in the water and burrowing on land, A. capensis does not have many predators. Its greatest threat comes from the python, which will often lay and wait near or in the water. Other predators would include the crocodile and fish eagles. If threatened, a high-pitched scream is emitted to warn neighboring otters and confuse a predator.
Born in Tel Aviv in 1952, Arnon Avron studied mathematics at Tel Aviv University and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, receiving a Ph.D. magna cum laude from Tel Aviv University in 1985. Between 1986 and 1988, he was a visitor at the University of Edinburgh's Laboratory for Foundations of Computer Science, where he began his association with computer science._NEWLINE_In 1988 he became a senior faculty member of the Department of Computer Science (later School of Computer Science) of Tel Aviv University, chairing the School in 1996–1998, and becoming a Full Professor in 1999.
Avron's research interests include proof theory, automated reasoning, non-classical logics, foundations of mathematics, and applications of mathematical logic in computer science and artificial intelligence. Arnon made a significant contribution to the theory of automated reasoning with his introduction of hypersequents, a generalization of the sequent calculus. Avron also introduced the use of bilattices to paraconsistent logic, and made contributions to predicative set theory and geometry.
The Atari joystick port used a 9-pin male socket in the host system, and female connectors on the devices. Classic Atari peripherals used a teardrop shaped rounded plug that was easy to grip to make it easier to plug in. Almost all compatible devices used similar physical layouts, often to the point of copying the plug design outright._NEWLINE_In the Atari consoles and 8-bit computers, reading the stick inputs was handled by a polling process that set values in various 8-bit registers. In the 8-bit machines, for instance, the pins in the port were connected to custom I/O hardware. The instantaneous values were polled 30 times a second during the vertical blank interrupt (VBI) when the operating system (OS) handled a number of housekeeping tasks. Depending on settings in other registers, the inputs on the pins were interpreted in a number of ways and then the output data was placed in a number of RAM registers. Atari referred to this copying from hardware to the RAM as "shadowing".
Access control in computer systems and networks rely on access policies. The access control process can be divided into the following phases: policy definition phase where access is authorized, and policy enforcement phase where access requests are approved or disapproved. Authorization is the function of the policy definition phase which precedes the policy enforcement phase where access requests are approved or disapproved based on the previously defined authorizations._NEWLINE_Most modern, multi-user operating systems include access control and thereby rely on authorization. Access control also uses authentication to verify the identity of consumers. When a consumer tries to access a resource, the access control process checks that the consumer has been authorized to use that resource. Authorization is the responsibility of an authority, such as a department manager, within the application domain, but is often delegated to a custodian such as a system administrator. Authorizations are expressed as access policies in some types of "policy definition application", e.g. in the form of an access control list or a capability, or a policy administration point e.g. XACML. On the basis of the "principle of least privilege": consumers should only be authorized to access whatever they need to do their jobs. Older and single user operating systems often had weak or non-existent authentication and access control systems._NEWLINE_"Anonymous consumers" or "guests", are consumers that have not been required to authenticate. They often have limited authorization. On a distributed system, it is often desirable to grant access without requiring a unique identity. Familiar examples of access tokens include keys, certificates and tickets: they grant access without proving identity._NEWLINE_Trusted consumers are often authorized for unrestricted access to resources on a system, but must be verified so that the access control system can make the access approval decision. "Partially trusted" and guests will often have restricted authorization in order to protect resources against improper access and usage. The access policy in some operating systems, by default, grant all consumers full access to all resources. Others do the opposite, insisting that the administrator explicitly authorizes a consumer to use each resource._NEWLINE_Even when access is controlled through a combination of authentication and access control lists, the problems of maintaining the authorization data is not trivial, and often represents as much administrative burden as managing authentication credentials. It is often necessary to change or remove a user's authorization: this is done by changing or deleting the corresponding access rules on the system. Using atomic authorization is an alternative to per-system authorization management, where a trusted third party securely distributes authorization information.
Shoghi Effendi, who was appointed the leader of the religion after `Abdu'l-Bahá's death, travelled through Africa in 1929 and again in 1940._NEWLINE_The history of the religion in Kenya has an interesting precursor. Before joining the religion, Richard St. Barbe Baker served in the country in 1920 under the Colonial Office as Assistant Conservator of Forests. There he saw the wide scale deforestation going on. While there he intervened in a case of a colonial officer against a Kikuyu worker - taking a blow aimed at the worker. The struggle would eventually alienate him from the service. He developed a plan for re-forestation where food crops were planted between rows of young native trees. Because of lack of funds St. Barbe consulted with the Kenyans themselves, approaching the Kikuyu Chiefs and Elders, and together they arranged for three thousand tribal warriors to come to his camp and with the assistance of the Chiefs fifty were selected to be the first Men of the Trees. They promised before Ngai, the High God, that they would protect the native forest, plant ten native trees each year, and take care of trees everywhere. Immediately then leaving Kenya, St. Barbe offered a paper at a Congress of Living Religions in the Commonwealth about the Bantu religion following which he was introduced to the Bahá'í Faith because of "his genuine interest in another's religion struck a sympathetic chord with the Bahá'í principles."_NEWLINE_At the other extreme of the continent the Bahá'í Faith in South Africa struggled with issues under the segregated social pattern and laws of Apartheid in South Africa. The Bahá'í community decided that instead of dividing the South African Bahá'í community into two population groups, one black and one white, they instead limited membership in the Bahá'í administration to black adherents, and placed the entire Bahá'í community under the leadership of its black population. In 1997 the National Spiritual Assembly presented a Statement to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of South Africa which said in part:_NEWLINE_Abhorring all forms of prejudice and rejecting any system of segregation, the Bahá'í Faith was introduced on a one to one basis and the community quietly grew during the apartheid years, without publicity.  Despite the nature of the politics of that time, we presented our teachings on unity and the oneness of humankind to prominent individuals in politics, commerce and academia and leaders of thought including State Presidents.... [b]oth individual Bahá'ís and our administrative institutions were continually watched by the security police.... Our activities did not include opposition to the previous Government for involvement in partisan politics and opposition to government are explicitly prohibited by the sacred Texts of our Faith.... During the time when the previous Government prohibited integration within our communities, rather than divide into separate administrative structures for each population group, we opted to limit membership of the Bahá'í Administration to the black adherents who were and remain in the majority of our membership and thereby placed the entire Bahá'í community under the stewardship of its black membership.... The pursuit of our objectives of unity and equality has not been without costs.  The "white" Bahá'ís were often ostracized by their white neighbours for their association with "non-whites". The Black Bahá'ís were subjected to scorn by their black compatriots for their lack of political action and their complete integration with their white Bahá'í brethren._NEWLINE_To the west the Bahá'í Faith in Morocco began about 1946._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Wide-scale growth in the religion across Sub-Saharan Africa was observed to begin in the 1950s and extend in the 1960s. In 1953 the Bahá'ís initiated a Ten Year Crusade during which a number of Bahá'ís pioneered to various parts of Africa following the requests of `Abdu'l-Bahá. It was emphasized that western pioneers be self-effacing and focus their efforts not on the colonial leadership but on the native Africans - and that the pioneers must show by actions the sincerity of their sense of service to the Africans in bringing the religion and then the Africans who understand their new religion were to be given freedom to rise up and spread the religion according to their own sensibilities and the pioneers to disperse or step into the background. Among the figures of the religion in Africa the most senior African historically would be Enoch Olinga. In 1953 he became the first Bahá'í pioneer to British Cameroon, (moving from Uganda) and was given the title Knight of Bahá'u'lláh for that country. Ali Nakhjavani, and his wife along with Olinga and two other Bahá'ís travelled from Uganda to Cameroon - the other Bahá'ís were dropped along the way in other countries. As the number of Bahá'ís grew in Cameroon new Bahá'ís left the immediate region to pioneer in other surrounding areas, each becoming a Knight of Bahá'u'lláh including Ghana, and Togo. Because of the successive waves of people becoming Knights of Bahá'u'lláh, Enoch Olinga was entitled  "Abd'l-Futuh", a Persian name meaning "the father of victories" by Shoghi Effendi. He was appointed as the youngest Hand of the Cause, the highest appointed position in the religion. A biography published in 1984 examined his impact in Cameroon and beyond.
In 1953 Shoghi Effendi planned an international teaching plan termed the Ten Year Crusade. This was during a period of wide scale growth in the religion across Sub-Saharan Africa near the end of the period of Colonisation of Africa. Before 1953, colonial authorities of what was then the Belgian Congo did not permit the promotion of religion by Bahá'í pioneers however Ali Nakhjavani and his wife, Violette, driving across Africa from the growing Bahá'í community in Uganda, were able to take a Ugandan Bahá'í Samson Mungongo to the city of Kamina where he settled and began to teach the religion while suffering hostility, suspiciousness and superstition. The first converts were Louis Selemani, Remy Kalonji, and Valerien Mukendi - they, with a dozen pioneers from Europe, North America and other parts of Africa, and Congolese who had become Bahá'ís in Rwanda and Burundi who moved back to their home provinces - all these formed the basis of the quickly growing community._NEWLINE_In April 1956 the Bahá'í Faith was present in small numbers across countries of middle Africa. To administer these communities a regional National Spiritual Assembly was elected in Central and East Africa to cover them.  The first Local Spiritual Assembly was elected in 1957.
Bawang merah dan bawang putih  (Indonesian for Shallots and Garlic) is a popular traditional folklore originated from Nusantara (Indonesian archipelago), about two siblings with opposite characters; one good and one bad, and an unjust step mother. The folklore has the same theme and moral as the European folktale Cinderella._NEWLINE_The story centers on a pair of step sisters named Bawang Putih and Bawang Merah. Bawang Putih is the Malay name for garlic, while Bawang Merah is the Malay name for onion or shallot. This naming convention is in the same vein as the Western fairy tale sisters of Snow-White and Rose-Red although the previous do not get along as well. The use of these names for the female protagonist and her antagonist is symbolic of their physical similarity (both girls are beautiful) but have completely different personalities. Since the original folktale was passed on orally, different variations of the story exist. In some versions, Bawang Putih is the good and kind daughter, while Bawang Merah is the cruel and vindictive one. While in the 1959 black and white Malay movie, it is the other way around, the shallot being waterly bringing tears to the eyes and garlic being pungent. There are several version about the story of Bawang Merah and Bawang Putih, one involving a magic pumpkin and the other involved a magical fish. Curiously the second version is very similar to Sundanese folktale of Leungli the magical fish._NEWLINE_The origin of the story is obscure and unclear, some suggest that it was a Riau Sumatran Malay folktale that later transmitted into Malay Peninsula, while some holds that it was originated from Yogyakarta in Java. Nevertheless, despite its unclear origin, the story is a popular children folktale in both Indonesia and Malaysia.
Be was founded by former Apple Computer executive Jean-Louis Gassée in 1990 with Steve Sakoman after being ousted by Apple CEO John Sculley._NEWLINE_According to several sources including Macworld UK, the company name "Be" originated in a conversation between Gassée and Sakoman. Gassée originally thought the company should be called "United Technoids Inc.", but Sakoman disagreed and said he would start looking through the dictionary for a better name. A few days later, when Gassée asked if he had made any progress, Sakoman replied that he had got tired and stopped at "B." Gassée said, "'Be' is nice. End of story."_NEWLINE_Be aimed to create a modern computer operating system written in C++ on a proprietary hardware platform. In 1995, the BeBox personal computer was released by Be, with its distinctive strips of lights along the front that indicate the activity of each PowerPC CPU, and the combined analogue/digital, 37-pin GeekPort. In addition to BeOS and BeBox, Be also produced BeIA, an OS for internet appliances. Its commercial deployments included the Sony eVilla and DT Research, during its short lifespan._NEWLINE_In 1996, Apple was searching for a new operating system to replace the classic Mac OS. Eventually, the two final options were BeOS and NeXTSTEP. NeXT was chosen and acquired due to the persuasive influence of Steve Jobs and the incomplete state of the BeOS product, criticized at the time for lacking such features as printing capability.
Ultimately the assets of the Be, Inc. were bought for US$11 million in 2001 by Palm, Inc., where Gassée served on the board of directors, at which point the company entered dissolution. The company then initiated litigation against Microsoft for aggressively anti-competitive and monopolistic business practices. Joining a long history of  antitrust lawsuits against Microsoft, Be specifically contested Microsoft's prohibition of OEMs to allow dual-boot systems containing both Microsoft and non-Microsoft operating systems. The suit was settled in September 2003 with a US$23.25 million payout to Be, Inc._NEWLINE_Palm subsequently spun off a wholly owned subsidiary PalmSource to develop its Palm OS and related software, with the Be assets being transferred to PalmSource which was subsequently acquired by Japanese-based ACCESS.
The founding of Budi Luhur University was started by the foundation on 1 April 1979. Started as Computer Science Academy in 1979. Computer Science Academy was regarded as one of the earliest university specialised in computer science in Indonesia._NEWLINE_Budi Luhur University (UBL) was formed from the amalgamation of Computer and Informatics Management High School, Economic Science High School, Engineering High School, and Political and Social Science High School of Budi Luhur on 7 June 2002._NEWLINE_Budi Luhur University mandated its students to participate on Community Service Programme (KKN) since 2019._NEWLINE_Budi Luhur University in association with  Sepuluh November Institute of Technology developing BLITS electric rally raid car which already toured across Indonesia and will be participate in Dakar Rally in the future.
CWSDPMI is a 32-bit DPMI host written by Charles W. Sandmann from 1996 to 2010, currently at r7. It is loosely based upon prior GO32.EXE code used in DJGPP v1. It can provide DPMI 0.90+ 32-bit services for programs compiled with latest versions of DJGPP etc. compilers. Since r5, it can also be used for programs requiring a DPMI stub in lieu of PMODE/DJ. It supports up to 4 GB, virtual memory, and hardware interrupt reflection from real mode to protected mode. Programs compiled with DJGPP v2 require a DPMI host, which is usually CWSDPMI.EXE or CWSDPR0.EXE. In case of CWSDPMI.EXE, the default paging/virtual memory file is C:\CWSDPMI.SWP. It is capable of running on a 386 in under 512 KB of RAM._NEWLINE_CWSDPMI is functionally similar to other 32-bit DPMI hosts such as HDPMI32, which is part of HX DOS Extender.
CYPRIS (cryptographic RISC microprocessor) was a cryptographic module developed by the Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Laboratories. The device was designed to implement NSA encryption algorithms and had a similar intent to the AIM and Sierra crypto modules. However, the principal references date back to the late 1990s and it does not appear that the CYPRIS ever earned NSA's Type 1 certification, without which it could not be used to protect classified government traffic._NEWLINE_CYPRIS was designed to_NEWLINE_address the cryptographic requirements of military software radios_NEWLINE_and wireless systems. Designed under an NSA contract, CYPRIS was_NEWLINE_optimized to implement a variety of_NEWLINE_legacy COMSEC and TRANSEC algorithms_NEWLINE_while enabling field upgrades to_NEWLINE_new and emerging INFOSEC algorithms._NEWLINE_CYPRIS contains a high performance RISC_NEWLINE_core, a reconfigurable hardware unit, and_NEWLINE_a suite of programmable and automatic system_NEWLINE_check features. Unprogrammed, CYPRIS is an unclassified, non CCI, exportable device; when_NEWLINE_programmed it assumes the classification of its software._NEWLINE_Over 20 core cryptoalgorithms were developed on CYPRIS.
Over 90 species of reptile and 22 species of frog are known to inhabit the National Park. The most commonly encountered snakes in the Gorge are the keelback  (Tropidonophis mairii), the green tree snake (Dendrelaphis punctulata) and the carpet python (Morelia spilota). The largest lizards in the Gorge are the lace monitor (Varanus varius) and the sand monitor (Varanus gouldii). Of the wide variety of skinks, the largest is the major skink (Egernia major) which occurs in a disjunct population._NEWLINE_The most frequently encountered of the Gorge's frogs are the tusked frog (Adelotus brevis), the striped marsh frog (Limnodynastes peronii), and the cane toad (Bufo Marinus). The introduced cane toad is currently implicated in the local disappearance of the northern quoll (Dasyurus Hallucatus). freshwater turtles such as Kreffts river turtle (Emydura krefftii) and the saw-shelled turtle (Elseya latisternum) are in strong numbers in Carnarvon Creek, commonly seen sunning themselves on rocks and logs during the middle of the day.
Charles Carroll Morgan (born 1952) is an American computer scientist who moved to Australia in his early teens. He completed his education there (high school, university, several years in industry), including a PhD degree from the University of Sydney, and then moved to the United Kingdom in the early 1980s. In 2000, he returned to Australia._NEWLINE_During the 1980s and 1990s, Carroll Morgan was based at the Oxford University Computing Laboratory in England as a researcher and lecturer working in the area of formal methods. Having been influenced by the Z notation of Jean-Raymond Abrial, he authored Programming from Specifications (Prentice Hall International Series in Computer Science, ISBN 0-13-123274-6) as an attempt to bring the high-level specification aspects of Z together with the  rigorous program-derivation technique of Edsger Wybe Dijkstra; his treatment concentrated on elementary program constructs in order to make the material accessible to undergraduates in their early years. Some of the ideas there were later incorporated as elements of the B-Method by Jean-Raymond Abrial, when Abrial returned in Oxford in the second half of the 1980s._NEWLINE_Together with Annabelle McIver, Morgan later authored Abstraction, Refinement and Proof for Probabilistic Systems (Springer Monographs in Computer Science, ISBN 978-0-387-40115-7) in which the same themes were pursued for probabilistic programs._NEWLINE_Morgan is now Professor at the University of New South Wales in Australia. His primary research interests are probabilistic models for security and concurrency. He is also the author of numerous papers and active member of a number of IFIP working groups._NEWLINE_Carroll Morgan is known as a proponent of formalized approach to program development called the Refinement Calculus.
Hug was born 1976 in Basel, Switzerland. With her parents and siblings she grew up in Saint-Ursanne and Delémont, Switzerland._NEWLINE_Hug studied Computer Science, Media Science and Art History at the Chairs of Rolf Pfeiffer, Heinz Bonfadelli and Stanislaus von Moos at the University of Zurich._NEWLINE_From 2000 until 2007 she was curatorial assistant at the Kunsthaus Zurich, where she worked closely with Bice Curiger and Tobia Bezzola._NEWLINE_From 2005 until 2008 she was assistant of the Art Unlimited Curator Simon Lamunière at the Art Basel. As freelance curator she organized among others Unloaded (Oberschan 2002–03) with Giovanni Carmine; In The Alps with Tobia Bezzola (Kunsthaus Zurich, 2006); and Carola Giedion-Welcker and Modernism (Kunsthaus Zurich, 2007)._NEWLINE_From 2008 until 2013 she was curator at the Kunsthalle Wien in Vienna, where she curated among others Thomas Ruff (2009), 1989. End of History or Beginning of the Future? (2009–10) with Gerald Matt, Street And Studio. From Basquiat to Séripop (2010) with Thomas Mießgang, Space. About A Dream (2011) with Walter Famler, Lucy Skaer – Force Justify (2012), WWTBD – What Would Thomas Bernhard Do and Salon der Angst with Nicolaus Schafhausen (both 2013). From 2011 until 2013 she was in the workers’ committee and supervisory board (Betriebsrat and Aufsichtsrat) of Kunsthalle Wien._NEWLINE_Since 2013 she is curator at the Kunsthaus Zurich, where she curated among others Von Matisse zum Blauen Reiter (2014) with Timothy Benson (LACMA, Los Angeles); Europa. The Future of History (2015) with Robert Menasse; Tomi Ungerer. Incognito (2015) in collaboration with Folkwang Essen; Dadaglobe Reconstructed (2016) with Adrien Sudhalter in collaboration with MoMA New York; and Francis Picabia. A retrospective (2016) with Anne Umland in collaboration with MoMA New York._NEWLINE_As guest curator she curated Feiert das Leben! with Robert Menasse and Manuela Laubenberger at the Kunsthistorisches Museum Wien in Vienna (2015–16). Hug is further project leader of the digitalization of the Kunsthaus Dada Collection (2013–16).
After the November 2013 negotiation of an interim agreement with Iran over its nuclear programme, the Financial Times  wrote that Ashton was "no longer the diplomatic dilettante". A senior French diplomat was quoted as saying, "I tip my hat to her.... She truly played a decisive role".  The report continued that, after initially insisting on negotiating only with other foreign ministers, by the latter stages of the negotiations the Iranian foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif "now... wanted to deal only with Lady Ashton". Said a western diplomat, "That the others agreed to this was significant. For China and Russia to be outside while she was in the room negotiating details was quite remarkable".
Established in 1928, then School of Science now School of Science and Technology offers bachelor's and master's degrees in Biology, Psychology and Cosmetic Science It is the first school in the Philippines to offer a degree in Cosmetic Science, which was conceptualized by Dr. Zenaida Austria. BS Cosmetic Science is the first in the Philippines and in Asia. also, in the field of technology they offer Information Technology, Computer Science and Computer Engineering course, School of Science and Technology was handled by Dean Dr. Julieta Z. Dungca._NEWLINE_The School of Science and Technology paves the way to students careers as science specialists, researchers, counselors, academic, corporate, and medical workers, and IT practitioners._NEWLINE_From 2010–2013, Dennis Relojo-Howell, founder of Psychreg and the world's first blog psychologist taught at the Department of Psychology of the School of Science and Technology.
Coinye was originally slated for release on January 11, 2014, but legal pressure prompted David P. McEnery Jr. and his development team to release the source code and mining software on January 7, a few days ahead of schedule. Early press materials promised a proper and fair release, with no pre-allocation of coins. However, later statements from the developers confirmed that approximately 0.37% of the maximum money supply of Coinye had been reserved for the creators of the coin before launch. The developers claimed that this was to cover unexpected legal and development costs.
In today’s financial markets huge volumes of interdependent assets are traded by a large number of interacting market participants in different locations and time zones. Their behavior is of unprecedented complexity and the characterization and measurement of the risk inherent to these highly diverse set of instruments is typically based on complicated mathematical and computational models. Solving these models exactly in closed form, even at a single instrument level, is typically not possible, and therefore we have to look for efficient numerical algorithms. This has become even more urgent and complex recently, as the credit crisis has clearly demonstrated the role of cascading effects going from single instruments through portfolios of single institutions to even the interconnected trading network. Understanding this requires a multi-scale and holistic approach where interdependent risk factors such as market, credit and liquidity risk are modelled simultaneously and at different interconnected scales.
Computational science and engineering (CSE) is a relatively new discipline that deals with the development and application of computational models and simulations, often coupled with high-performance computing, to solve complex physical problems arising in engineering analysis and design (computational engineering) as well as natural phenomena (computational science). CSE has been described as the "third mode of discovery" (next to theory and experimentation). In many fields, computer simulation is integral and therefore essential to business and research. Computer simulation provides the capability to enter fields that are either inaccessible to traditional experimentation or where carrying out traditional empirical inquiries is prohibitively expensive. CSE should neither be confused with pure computer science, nor with computer engineering, although a wide domain in the former is used in CSE (e.g., certain algorithms, data structures, parallel programming, high performance computing) and some problems in the latter can be modeled and solved with CSE methods (as an application area).
CMD's first product, JiffyDOS, was developed from 1985 onwards by Mark Fellows.  An updated disk operating system, it maintained broad compatibility with Commodore floppy drives' DOS while offering much increased read write access._NEWLINE_CMD stopped selling Commodore products in 2001. In July of that year, programmer Maurice Randal was sold an exclusive license to produce and sell the Commodore related products.  His company Click Here Software Co supplied the products until around 2009._NEWLINE_In 2010, Jim Brain acquired the license to supply JiffyDOS. Since January of that year, he has sold the product via his web shop Retro Innovations.
cu ("call Unix") is a Unix utility for establishing a connection between two computer systems via a serial port to another computer system. When cu was originally created, connections to remote systems were most often done by phone, and cu was used in conjunction with UUCP utilities to transfer data via a modem.  Now that intersystem communications are much more easily and reliably handled via Internet connections, its more typical use is to establish a terminal connection to another system via a modem or direct cabling._NEWLINE_It was originally released as part of the 4.2BSD Unix operating system in 1983, and is included in many Unix and Unix-like operating systems, including Solaris and Linux.
DRS has school beginning with morning prayers at 7:55, and ending at 5:50. The school has Talmud from 9:10-11:10, followed by a mix of Jewish and secular classes. DRS offers classes in English, Math, Science, Hebrew, Mandarin, Spanish, History, Psychology, Computer Science and more. Additionally, DRS offers 15 Advanced Placement classes which students can take for college credit.
Differential inheritance is a common inheritance model used by prototype-based programming languages such as JavaScript, Io and NewtonScript. It operates on the principle that most objects are derived from other, more general objects, and only differ in a few small aspects; while usually maintaining a list of pointers internally to other objects which the object differs from.
The despeckle algorithm that improves the image quality allows observers to reach the diffraction limit of the telescope more often than the seeing would normally allow. The despeckle takes 100 images of the same object (e.g., a granule), but each with a temporal distance such that the atmosphere has changed drastically, but the object has not. Then by using statistics and high powered computing (a 35 dual-Xeon computer-cluster powers these despeckle algorithms) the image is improved. Before the summer of 2005 the computation took months after a day of observations, but the new cluster reduces this time to a night.
For a given subset of a program’s behavior, program slicing consists of reducing the program to the minimum form that still produces the selected behavior. The reduced program is called a “slice” and is a faithful representation of the original program within the domain of the specified behavior subset. _NEWLINE_Generally, finding a slice is an unsolvable problem, but by specifying the target behavior subset by the values of a set of variables, it is possible to obtain approximate slices using a data-flow algorithm. These slices are usually used by developers during debugging to locate the source of errors.
With the progressive restriction of the monopoly of the British East India Company the desire to build such large armed ships for commercial use waned, and during the late 1830s a smaller, faster ship known as a Blackwall Frigate was built for the premium end of the India and China trades. The last of the East Indiamen was reputed to be the Java (1813–1939) that became a coal hulk, then was broken up.
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at the 2017 Electronic Entertainment Expo as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them develop more immersive narratives and games. SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.
Voorhees was born in Bensalem Township, Pennsylvania, and was the 1976 valedictorian at Bensalem High School._NEWLINE_She did her undergraduate studies at Pennsylvania State University,_NEWLINE_graduating in 1979 with a bachelor's degree in computer science._NEWLINE_She went to Cornell University for graduate school, earning a master's degree and completing her Ph.D. in 1985. Her dissertation, The Effectiveness and Efficiency of Agglomerative Hierarchic Clustering in Document Retrieval, was supervised by Gerard Salton._NEWLINE_She worked as a researcher for Siemens before joining NIST.
In descriptive complexity, a branch of computational complexity, FO is a  complexity class of structures that can be recognized by formulas of first-order logic, and also equals the complexity class AC⁰. Descriptive complexity uses the formalism of logic, but does not use several key notions associated with logic such as proof theory or axiomatization._NEWLINE_Restricting predicates to be from a set X yields a smaller class FO[X]. For instance, FO[<] is the set of star-free languages.  The two different definitions of FO[<], in terms of logic and in terms of regular expressions, suggests that this class may be mathematically interesting beyond its role in computational complexity, and that methods from both logic and regular expressions may be useful in its study._NEWLINE_Similarly, extensions of first-order logic formed by the addition of operators give rise to other well-known complexity classes. This allows the complexity of some problems to be established without reference to algorithms.
The focused ion beam has become a powerful tool for site-specific 3D imaging of sub-micron features in a sample. In this FIB tomography technique, the sample is sequentially milled using an ion beam perpendicular to the specimen while imaging the newly exposed surface using an electron beam. This so called, slice and view approach allows larger scale nano-structures to be characterized across the many imaging modes available to an SEM, including secondary electron, backscattered electron, and energy dispersive x-ray measurement. The process is destructive, since the specimen is being sequentially milled away after each image is collected. The collected series of images is then reconstructed to a 3D volume by registering the image stack and removing artifacts. The predominant artifact that degrades FIB tomography is ion mill curtaining, where mill patterns form large aperiodic stripes in each image. The ion mill curtaining can be removed using destriping algorithms.
Fractal art is a form of algorithmic art created by calculating fractal objects and representing the calculation results as still images, animations, and media. Fractal art developed from the mid-1980s onwards. It is a genre of computer art and digital art which are part of new media art. The mathematical beauty of fractals lies at the intersection of generative art and computer art.  They combine to produce a type of abstract art._NEWLINE_Fractal art (especially in the western world) is rarely drawn or painted by hand. It is usually created indirectly with the assistance of fractal-generating software, iterating through three phases: setting parameters of appropriate fractal software; executing the possibly lengthy calculation; and evaluating the product. In some cases, other graphics programs are used to further modify the images produced. This is called post-processing. Non-fractal imagery may also be integrated into the artwork. The Julia set and Mandelbrot sets can be considered as icons of fractal art._NEWLINE_It was assumed that fractal art could not have developed without computers because of the calculative capabilities they provide.  Fractals are generated by applying iterative methods to solving non-linear equations or polynomial equations. Fractals are any of various extremely irregular curves or shapes for which any suitably chosen part is similar in shape to a given larger or smaller part when magnified or reduced to the same size.
Fractals of all kinds have been used as the basis for digital art and animation. High resolution color graphics became increasingly available at scientific research labs in the mid-1980s.  Scientific forms of art, including fractal art, have developed separately from mainstream culture. Starting with 2-dimensional details of fractals, such as the Mandelbrot Set, fractals have found artistic application in fields as varied as texture generation, plant growth simulation and landscape generation._NEWLINE_Fractals are sometimes combined with evolutionary algorithms, either by iteratively choosing good-looking specimens in a set of random variations of a fractal artwork and producing new variations, to avoid dealing with cumbersome or unpredictable parameters, or collectively, as in the Electric Sheep project, where people use fractal flames rendered with distributed computing as their screensaver and "rate" the flame they are viewing, influencing the server, which reduces the traits of the undesirables, and increases those of the desirables to produce a computer-generated, community-created piece of art._NEWLINE_Many fractal images are admired because of their perceived harmony. This is typically achieved by the patterns which emerge from the balance of order and chaos. Similar qualities have been described in Chinese painting and miniature trees and rockeries.
The edition of 27 November 1882 of the Augsburger Allgemeine Zeitung carried an article which the Colonial Secretary of the British colony of New South Wales drew to the attention of the editor of the Sydney Morning Herald and, on 7 February 1883, the paper published a summary of the article under the heading German annexation of New Guinea. The argument lifted from the German paper began by stating that New Guinea fell into the Australian sphere but had been neglected; although the Portuguese had explored in the 16th century, it was the Dutch from the 17th century "who seemed better satisfied with the country than other European nations had been" but they had over-reached themselves and had fallen back towards Java, Sumatra and Celebes. Recent explorations had given the basis for reconsideration: it "is considered useful by geology and biology people as holding in its forests the key to solve problems... a profitable field for cultivation" but London had only sent missionaries to save souls. "As we Germans have learnt a little about conducting colonial policy, and as our wishes and plans turn with a certain vivacity towards New Guinea... according to our opinion it might be possible to create out of the island a German Java, a great trade and plantation colony, which would form a stately foundation stone for a German colonial kingdom of the future."_NEWLINE_The publication of the Sydney Morning Herald article caused a sensation and not just in the colony of New South Wales: over the border, in the British colony of Queensland where the shipping lanes of the Torres Strait and the beche-de-mer trade were of commercial significance. The Queensland Premier, Sir Thomas McIlwraith who led a political party "considered to represent the interests of the plantation owners in Queensland", drew it to the attention of the Queensland Governor together with the general situation in New Guinea and urged annexation of the island. He also instructed the London Agent for Queensland to urge the Imperial Colonial Office to an act of annexation._NEWLINE_"Impatient with the lack of results from this procedure" Premier McIlwraith on his own authority ordered a Queensland Police Magistrate in March 1883 to proclaim the annexation on behalf of the Queensland government of New Guinea east of the Dutch boundary at 141E. When news of this reached London, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, Lord Derby promptly repudiated the act. When the matter came before Parliament, Lord Derby advised that the British Imperial Government "were not ready to annex New Guinea in view of its vast size and unknown interior, the certainty of native objections and administrative expense".
Graphonomics is the interdisciplinary field directed towards the scientific analysis of the handwriting process, product, and other graphic skills. Researchers in handwriting recognition, forensic handwriting examination, kinesiology, psychology, computer science, artificial intelligence, paleography and neuroscience cooperate in order to achieve a better understanding of the human skill of handwriting.  Research in graphonomics generally involves handwriting movement analysis in one form or another.
Dagens Nyheter reviewer Tomas Lisinski wrote that "the astounding images of more or less bizarre projects were intertwined with a fantastic interview material. This was also a documentary that treated the viewer seriously. We were assumed capable of following a train of thought, and understanding interviews without meddlesome guidance.”(translated from Swedish)"Leonardo reviewer Michael R. Mosher wrote that "the architects articulate their visions, and the camera explores at least one of the major built accomplishments of each.  Wachtmeister brings to his documentary a fun and light touch, with little bits of Monty Python-style animation, hand-colored photographs, even flying saucer noises.  Archigram, and its London Pop Art-influenced publications, made him do it!  Sometimes it’s as if the filmmaker really doesn’t put much stock in the promised completion of the Venus Project, but was happy to enjoy the trek in bejungled Florida alongside its talkative old planner Jacques Fresco.”"
The GROK Knowledge Base is written in ASP.NET with a VB.NET backend and utilizes XHTML, Cascading Style Sheets, OpenSearch, and JavaScript. GROK also uses Google Analytics to track users visiting the site, which can support cost-effective updating of articles are heavily consulted articles. GROK's servers run Microsoft IIS 7, and are housed on LSU's campus in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
HC-256 is a stream cipher designed to provide bulk encryption in software at high speeds while permitting strong confidence in its security. A 128-bit variant was submitted as an eSTREAM cipher candidate and has been selected as one of the four final contestants in the software profile._NEWLINE_The algorithm is designed by Hongjun Wu, and was first published in 2004. It is not patented.
The Productivity Enhancement, Technology Transfer, and Training, or PETTT, project provides training, computational tools and libraries, as well as application development and algorithm enhancement specifically designed to improve the productivity of the DoD’s HPC user community. PETTT projects are generally both shorter in duration and smaller in scale that HSAIs. The PETTT program provides the HPCMP and DoD users with access to expertise and new technologies emerging from over 100 university and industry partners.
In 2006, Black Box Voting was invited by Emery County, Utah County Clerk Bruce Funk to examine the DES TSx touch-screen. Black Box Voting arranged for the services of Hursti and Black Box board member Jim March, who traveled to Utah March 1 and 2, 2006. Hursti discovered numerous security flaws, the most egregious being the ability to reload the entire operating system and the ability to replace the boot loader simply by inserting a memory card with a specific program name. Hursti discovered that the system would accept macros in a manner that posed a risk to election security. Jim March opened the case of the TSx and photographed its interior, discovering a hidden SD wireless slot and piggyback connectors under the standard modem, both enabling the machine to be equipped for wireless communications without the knowledge of election directors._NEWLINE_After seeing how serious the problems were, Black Box Voting engaged the services of Herbert Thompson, then head of the security company Security Innovation, to provide an independent opinion. Both Hursti and Thompson conducted a second series of tests on March 16 and 17, 2006 to confirm findings, which prompted emergency warnings and last minute corrective actions in Pennsylvania, California, and other states.
SIROCCO was held for the first time in 1994 at Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and the proceedings were published by Carleton Scientific. The next year (1995) SIROCCO was held in Greece and since then the conference has always been held in European locations except in 2014 when it was held in Japan  and in 2018 when it was held in Israel. The 2018 edition of the conference celebrated the 25 year jubilee of the SIROCCO conference. The next edition of the conference would be held in L'Aquila, Italy in 2019._NEWLINE_Since 2004, pre-conference or post-conference proceedings of SIROCCO have been published by Springer as part of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series._NEWLINE_Reviews of the SIROCCO conference have appeared in the year-ending issues of the ACM SIGACT News Distributed Computing Column in 2001, 2005,  2009, 2011, 2012, 2015, 2016, and 2017.
IronPython is supported on Silverlight. It can be used as a scripting engine in the browser just like the JavaScript engine. IronPython scripts are passed like simple client-side JavaScript scripts in <script>-tags. It is then also possible to modify embedded XAML markup._NEWLINE_The technology behind this is called Gestalt._NEWLINE_//DLR initialization script._NEWLINE_<script src="http://gestalt.ironpython.net/dlr-latest.js" type="text/javascript"></script>_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_//Client-side script passed to IronPython and Silverlight._NEWLINE_<script type="text/python">_NEWLINE_    window.Alert("Hello from Python")</script>_NEWLINE_The same works for IronRuby.
Until version 0.6, IronPython was released under the terms of Common Public License. Following recruitment of the project lead in August 2004, IronPython was made available as part of Microsoft's Shared Source initiative. This license is not OSI-approved but the authors claim it meets the open-source definition. With the 2.0 alpha release, the license was changed to the Microsoft Public License, which the OSI has approved. The latest versions are released under the terms of the Apache License 2.0.
One of IronPython's key advantages is in its function as an extensibility layer to application frameworks written in a .NET language. It is relatively simple to integrate an IronPython interpreter into an existing .NET application framework. Once in place, downstream developers can use scripts written in IronPython that interact with .NET objects in the framework, thereby extending the functionality in the framework's interface, without having to change any of the framework's code base._NEWLINE_IronPython makes extensive use of reflection. When passed in a reference to a .NET object, it will automatically import the types and methods available to that object. This results in a highly intuitive experience when working with .NET objects from within an IronPython script.
The following IronPython script manipulates .NET Framework objects. This script can be supplied by a third-party client-side application developer and passed into the server-side framework through an interface. Note that neither the interface, nor the server-side code is modified to support the analytics required by the client application._NEWLINE_from BookService import BookDictionary_NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_booksWrittenByBookerPrizeWinners = [book.Title for book in BookDictionary.GetAllBooks() _NEWLINE_                                    if "Booker Prize" in book.Author.MajorAwards]_NEWLINE_In this case, assume that the .NET Framework implements a class, BookDictionary, in a module called BookService, and publishes an interface into which IronPython scripts can be sent and executed._NEWLINE_This script, when sent to that interface, will iterate over the entire list of books maintained by the framework, and pick out those written by Booker Prize-winning authors._NEWLINE_What's interesting is that the responsibility for writing the actual analytics reside with the client-side developer. The demands on the server-side developer are minimal, essentially just providing access to the data maintained by the server. This design pattern greatly simplifies the deployment and maintenance of complex application frameworks._NEWLINE_The following script uses the .NET Framework to create a simple Hello World message._NEWLINE_import clrclr.AddReference("System.Windows.Forms")from System.Windows.Forms import MessageBoxMessageBox.Show("Hello World")
The performance characteristics of IronPython compared to CPython, the reference implementation of Python, depends on the exact benchmark used. IronPython performs worse than CPython on most benchmarks taken with the PyStone script but better on other benchmarks._NEWLINE_IronPython may perform better in Python programs that use threads or multiple cores, as it has a JIT, and also because it doesn't have the Global Interpreter Lock.
JADE uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology with case-based and generative planning methods to provide the ability to develop large-scale and complex plans in minimal time. JADE is a knowledge-based system that uses highly structured information that takes advantage of data hierarchies. JADE uses dialog initiated both by the user and by the system. JADE is used to rapidly create Time Phased Force Deployment Data (TPFDD) to organize the deployment of combat-ready forces.  Case-based planning methods (also known as the variant approach) use an existing plan for a similar mission and make the necessary modifications to the plan for the new mission. Generative planning methods build new plans from the mission goals and requirements by means of planning algorithms and the knowledge base._NEWLINE_JADE supports the retrieval and reuse of previous plan elements for use in the development of new plans by using a map-oriented drag and drop interface. Force modules (FMs) from previous plans (cases) can be dragged from the case library and dropped onto a geographic destination. To support plan adaption of previous plans or modifications resulting from changing mission requirements, constraint checking against the knowledge base and mission goals causes automatic reminders from the system to notify the user of changes and improvements that need to be made. JADE is a mixed-initiative system, using dialog initiated by both the user (user-initiative) and by the system (system-initiative)._NEWLINE_The knowledge base supports the development of deployment plans for war and situations other than war. JADE is designed to inter-operate with the Adaptive Course of Action (ACOA) program, which provides a near real-time distributed collaborative environment that supports end-to-end joint planning by multiple command centers. The Time Phased Force Deployment Data (TPFDD) produced by JADE included an Operational Plan (OPLAN) which describes the mission and specifies where and when the forces involved in a mission are to be deployed. The TPFDD also specifies the combat forces and the combat service support required in order to support the mission, which includes transportation phasing, mode, and geographical locations.
Teevan received a B.S. in Computer Science from Yale University and a Ph.D. and S.M. from MIT._NEWLINE_She is currently a researcher at Microsoft Research and an affiliate associate professor at the University of Washington. There she co-authored the first book on collaborative information seeking,. She also edited a book on Personal Information Management (PIM), _NEWLINE_edited a special issue of Communications of the ACM on the topic, and organized workshops on PIM and query log analysis. She has published numerous technical papers, including several best papers, and was chair of the Web Search and Data Mining (WSDM) 2012 conference._NEWLINE_Teevan works on 'microproductivity,' breaking down complex tasks into a series of microtasks that can be completed more easily and efficiently. She also developed the concept of selfsourcing, where microtasks are completed by the task owner rather than crowd workers. A 2017 article in the New York Magazine quotes her as saying, "I could probably pretty easily find an extra hour in my day at work, just in these little micro-moments of time when I’m not being productive."
The region is one of the most diverse wildlife forest location in India. Several new species of plants, amphibians and insects discovered here are found nowhere else, making it an endemic region. The area is a wildlife corridor with high biodiversity, and in addition to tigers, is home to the threatened species: Indian bison, elephant, Indian rock python, lion-tailed macaque, mouse deer, Nilgiri tahr and sambar deer.
The new 50,000-square-foot (4,600 m²) campus at 3900 Fabian Way in Palo Alto, California was completed for the 2005–2006 academic year.  It is situated across the street from the recently opened Taube-Koret Campus for Jewish Life, a new development for the Palo Alto JCC and the senior home.  The facility was originally constructed in 1997, and was extensively remodeled in 2005.  The building includes 27 classrooms, four break-out and tutorial rooms, high-end physics, chemistry, biology, and computer science laboratories, music and art rooms, a photo lab, a makerspace, a library and assembly space, student and faculty work and meeting spaces, faculty and administrative office clusters, and a Beit Midrash – a room for prayer and study. Each teaching space is equipped with extensive electronic media and SMARTBoard technology. The campus was most recently renovated in the summer of 2016, during which the library, theater, and student learning center were redesigned.
Klaus Henning studied electrical engineering and political sciences. He did his doctorate in the field of human-machine-systems. His habilitation dealt with entropy in the field of Systems theory. In the year 1985 he accepted the professorship of Cybernetic Methods at RWTH Aachen, which was renamed to Computer Science in Mechanical Engineering in 1994 and to Information Management in Mechanical Engineering in 2008. Simultaneously, he accepted the management of today’s Center for Learning and Knowledge Management, the former Center of University Didactics at RWTH Aachen. From 2004 to 2008 he was dean of the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering at RWTH Aachen._NEWLINE_Henning is a member of the board of Associated Institute for Management Cybernetics (IfU) e.V. at RWTH Aachen. He was chairman of the supervisory board of Xenium AG in Munich as well as chairman of the board of ABWF in Berlin and he also was a member of the university council of Saarland University.
During the second world war with Japan, the ships of KPM assisted the Dutch, British and Australian war ships with the protection of Singapore. During the Battle of the Java Sea, KPM ships also assisted the supply of ammunition. In the Netherlands East Indies, several of KPM ships were rented by the Royal Netherlands Navy to participate in the defense of the Netherlands East Indies and Singapore too against the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy._NEWLINE_KPM ships were involved in the first months of the Pacific war in movement of supplies and troops. In January plans were made for the Aquitania to transport troops from Australia to Singapore until concern about putting such a large and valued transport loaded with 3,456 troops in range of Japanese air strikes resulted in a plan to transfer the troops to smaller vessels from Aquitania at Ratai Bay in the Sunda Strait. Aquitania and escort, the cruiser Canberra, sailed from Sydney on 10 January and reached Ratai Bay on 20 January where the troops were distributed among the KPM vessels Both, Reijnst, Van der Lijn, Sloet van de Beele, Van Swoll,  and Reael and the British flagged ship Taishan. That convoy reached Singapore on 24 January._NEWLINE_Company ships reaching Australia during the Japanese advance through the islands were incorporated into the fleet being assembled by United States Forces in Australia (USFIA), shortly to be redesignated as U.S. Army Forces in Australia (USAFIA) and later the U.S. Army Services of Supply (USASOS), for support of the defense of Australia and campaign against the Japanese in the South West Pacific Area (SWPA). In early 1942 twenty-one small KPM vessels, loaded with refugees and limping into Australian ports, were obtained by charter for U.S. Army use and became known as the "KPM vessels" in the SWPA fleet. The means by which these vessels were brought under control of the SWPA command was complex and involved discussions with the Netherlands government officials in exile in both London and Washington as well as locally in Australia. Initially the original twenty-one vessels that reached Australia were chartered by the Chief Quartermaster, USAFIA, on 26 March 1942 with long term details to be negotiated at higher levels._NEWLINE_The eventual decision, involving governments in London, Washington and the Combined Chiefs of Staff, was that the charters would be handled by the British Ministry of War Transport (BMWT) for the U. S. Army. The complex arrangement was a "bareboat charter to BMWT and through the War Shipping Administration (WSA) the ships were assigned by WSA to the Army but 'not, repeat not, on bareboat but on gross basis,' though under 'full control' of the Army." In early March 1943 almost half the permanent local fleet was composed of the refugee KPM vessels:_NEWLINE_On 6 March 1943, nearly 16 months after the beginning of the war, the permanent local fleet consisted of 43 vessels: the 21 KPM vessels obtained on 26 March 1942 and the 6 additional KPM vessels obtained on 19 January 1943; 3 vessels from the China Navigation Co. Ltd. (the Anhui, the Hanyang, and the Yochow); the Empire Hamble (ex Thepsatri Nawa. previously Admiral Senn), of Siamese registry, assigned 15 October 1942; the Admiral Halstead, the West Cactus (assigned 20 May 1942), and the Portmar (salvaged and reconditioned in 1942 by port-battalion troops), of U. S. registry; and 9 unnamed Liberty ships, which probably were in temporary service. The Coast Farmer had been sunk on 21 July 1942, and the Dona Nati had been withdrawn._NEWLINE_The twenty-one original vessels were:_NEWLINE_Balikpapan (1938), Bantam (1930), Bontekoe (1922), Both (1931), Cremer (1926), Generaal Verspijck (1928), Janssens (1935), Japara (1930),  Karsik (1938), Khoen Hoea (1924), Maetsuycker (1936), 's Jacob (1907), Sibigo (1926), Stagen (1919), Swartenhondt (1924), Tasman (1921), Van den Bosch (1903), Van der Lijn (1928), Van Heemskerk (1909), Van Heutsz (1926) and Van Spilbergen (1908)._NEWLINE_Two of the ships, Maetsuycker and Tasman, were converted to hospital ships to handle casualties in the New Guinea campaign. Both ships, though under United States Army control, were Dutch flagged and certified as hospital ships under the Hague Convention by the Netherlands Government in exile.
With the declaration of independence and the establishment of Indonesia as a nation in 1945 and 1949 respectively, the highly profitable KPM remained under Dutch ownership and management. KPM became a major focus for Indonesian activists seeking to reduce Dutch influence in the post-colonial economy. After competing with the national Pelayaran Nasional Indonesia (National Indonesian Shipping) line and demonstrations by the trade union laborers on 3 December 1957, KPM was faced with nationalization and so decided to move its headquarters and international shipping assets to Singapore in 1958. From that base, KPM bought control of Maatschappij Zeetransport (the Oranje Lijn) of Rotterdam, thus entering the European-Canadian trade. This effort was unsuccessful, so KPM sold its Oranje Lijn holdings, and the company was liquidated. _NEWLINE_KPM itself continued until January 1, 1967, when it merged with the Koninklijke Java China Paketvaart Lijnen (KJCPL) of Amsterdam. Crews and ships continued service with other lines until finally all former KPM elements were taken over by Nedlloyd in 1977._NEWLINE_The company later merged into Nedlloyd, P&O Nedlloyd and finally Maersk.
Tux Machines reviewed Kwort Linux in March 2006. The review included the following:_NEWLINE_Not long after booting the install cd I became aware that Kwort is based on Slackware. They use a slightly simplified Slackware installer. Basically, only the target partition is asked before the install begins and then it installs a base system. After which it asks about your dial-up modem, network configuration, and lilo choices. Upon boot, it walks the user through the configuration of alsa, root password, and a user account before it asks for the install cd again._NEWLINE_Jesse Smith wrote a review of Kwort 4.3 for DistroWatch Weekly:_NEWLINE_The installation instructions let us know that we will need to do a bit of manual work to get a fresh copy of Kwort up and running. At times the instructions are sparse and I recommend reading the on-line copy of the installation guide as it fills in some of the blanks. Kwort does not have a system installer and so we find ourselves using command line utilities to partition the hard drive, format disk partitions and mount the areas of the disk where we plan to install the distribution. We then run a command called "pkgsinstall" which copies the base operating system onto our waiting hard drive. We then need to manually edit our fstab file and the system's configuration file, rc.conf, to make sure it has our correct keyboard layout and time zone. Another command sets the root password. Next, we need to decide which boot loader to install (LILO or GRUB), along with supporting packages, and run commands to install the boot loader and configure it. Again, the installation steps are a bit vague here and I recommend visiting the on-line documentation to see examples of how best to proceed. Assuming we successfully get a boot loader installed we can then reboot the computer and begin exploring Kwort.
Lexalytics spun into existence in January 2003 out of a content management startup called Lightspeed. Lightspeed consolidated on America’s West Coast. Jeff Catlin, a Lightspeed General Manager, and Mike Marshall, a Lighstpeed Principle Engineer, convinced investors to give them the East Coast company so as to avoid shutdown costs. Catlin and Marshall renamed the operation Lexalytics._NEWLINE_Catlin took on the role of Chief Executive Officer with Marshall working as Chief Technology Officer.  Lexalytics opted to not accept venture cash.  Instead, the company initially shared sales and marketing expenses with U.K. based document management company Infonic.  The partner companies soon formed a joint venture in July 2008, which was later dissolved. Since then, Lexalytics has worked with many other companies, like Bottlenose, Salesforce, Thomson Reuters, Oracle and DataSift. Relationships with social media monitoring companies like Datasift tend to find Lexalytics’ Salience engine baked into the product itself. Lexalytics is used similarly to monitor sentiment as it relates to stock trading. In December 2014, Lexalytics announced the latest iteration to its sentiment analysis engine, Salience 6. Earlier that year Lexalytics acquired Semantria in a bid to appeal to a wider variety of business models. Created by former Lexalytics Marketing Director Oleg Rogynskyy, Semantria is a SaaS text mining service offered as an API and Excel based plugin that measures sentiment. The goal of the acquisition, which cost Lexalytics less than $10 million USD, was to expand the customer base both within the United States and abroad with multilingual support._NEWLINE_The engine that powers Semantria, Salience, is grounded in its deep learning ability.  An example of this is its concept matrix, which allows Salience an understanding of concepts and relationship between concepts based on a detailed reading of the entire repository of Wikipedia. This matrix allows Salience to use Wikipedia for automatic categorization. Along with features like the concept matrix, Salience supports 16 international languages. The engine has earned Lexalytics a spot on EContent’s “Top 100 Companies in the Digital Content Industry” List for 2014-2015. In September 2018, Lexalytics launched document data extraction market using natural language processing (NLP).
The first two films produced in the Dutch East Indies, Loetoeng Kasaroeng (1926) and Eulis Atjih (1927), were made by the Dutch filmmakers L. Heuveldorp and G. Kruger, respectively. Ethnic Chinese businessmen, capitalising on the success of films produced in Shanghai, China, established two production houses, one in Batavia (modern day Jakarta) and the other in Surabaya. South Sea Film, the production house in Batavia established by Liem Goan Lian and Tjan Tjoen Lian, was advertised as the first Chinese filmmaking cooperative in the country. Its first script was for Lily van Java; which the company had to pass through the Film Commissie (national censorship bureau) for fear of violating traditional values._NEWLINE_According to JB Kristanto's Katalog Film Indonesia (Indonesian Film Catalogue), an American named Len Ross was initially booked to direct the film; Ross was reportedly in the country to film a work entitled Java for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and shot several scenes in mid-1928. The cast was ethnic Chinese, and the female stars – Lie Lian Hwa and Lie Bo Tan – were reportedly daughters of the Surabayan gangster Lie Bauw Kie and trained in silat; other cast members included Kwee Tiang An and Yah Kwee Pang. However, after Ross withdrew the script was put on hold._NEWLINE_Nelson Wong, who had formerly been booked with his brothers Joshua and Othniel to record a film for Tio Tek Djien, approached David Wong (no relation), a high-ranking General Motors employee in Batavia, for funding. With this the Wong Brother's Halimoen Film was able to finish the film. Some sources indicate that the same cast was used, while others suggest that the leading role was taken by a student from Shanghai named Lily Oey._NEWLINE_The silent film was shot in black and white; its intertitles were bilingual, written in both Malay and Chinese. The American film historian Richard Abel writes that the film's technical quality, like all other local productions of the time, was poor and unable to compete with imported works, and the Indonesian film scholar Misbach Yusa Biran writes that the shots were considered blurry even at the time.
Lily van Java was released in 1928. Its success is disputed. The reporter Leopold Gan wrote that the film was highly successful, to the point that after several years copies were worn through from overplaying. However, Joshua Wong later recalled in an interview that the film had been a failure; David Wong is reported to have avowed to no longer fund any films after Lily van Java. Lacking a backer, the Wong Brothers went on hiatus._NEWLINE_Lily van Java continues to be recorded as the first Chinese-produced film of the area. Although the Wongs went on hiatus, other ethnic Chinese became involved in film. Several Chinese owned start-ups are recorded from 1929 on, including Nancing Film with Resia Boroboedoer (1928) and Tan's Film with Njai Dasima (1929). By the early 1930s Chinese-owned businesses were the dominating force in the country's film industry._NEWLINE_The film is likely a lost film. The American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider writes that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost. However, JB Kristanto's Katalog Film Indonesia (Indonesian Film Catalogue) records several as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives, and Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.
The largest range of all the species, extending further inland than the others of the family, Pteropus scapulatus will also decamp and roam widely to increase their food availability. The primary source of food for this species is obtained from Eucalyptus and Corymbia blossoms._NEWLINE_Their diet consists of nectar and pollen of these eucalypts and is responsible for the much of their pollination, the irregular flowering periods induce the camps to forage in new areas. _NEWLINE_The nectar of Melaleuca species is also favoured, and they are attracted to other native and cultivated fruiting trees. P. scapulatus camps may become large groups of tens of thousands, with records of some colonies of over one hundred thousand individuals. This species gives birth 6 months later than the other mainland flying fox species, in April and May, this may be to avoid exposing a newborn to the high temperatures of the northern austral summer._NEWLINE_The populous and conspicuous camps of P. scapulatus attract a number of larger predators. including both terrestrial and aerial hunters._NEWLINE_The sea eagle Haliaeetus leucogaster will capture these bats in flight as they leave their roosts._NEWLINE_The snake species Morelia spilota is frequently found as a resident at these camps, lazily selecting an individual from the apparently unconcerned group at a branch. The bat is seized in the jaws and encircled by the python's body, then swallowed head first to be digested over the next week._NEWLINE_The arid climate in parts of the range will prompt the species to seek water in the late afternoon, and this provides an opportunity for freshwater crocodile species Crocodylus johnstoni found across the Top End and northern parts of the continent._NEWLINE_A National Geographic Channel special program (World's Weirdest: Flying Foxes) documents that the little red flying fox will skim the surface of rivers, then lap the water from their fur; this can put them in within reach of the crocodiles snapping in the air._NEWLINE_The 'freshies', as these crocodilians are locally known, will also place themselves beneath the overhanging roosts of this species, and employ a strategy of thrashing at the shoreline to induce panic and aerial collisions._NEWLINE_The species are quick and adept swimmers, presumably due to the advantages in surviving and escaping immersion in water._NEWLINE_Larger camps are formed during the breeding period, around October to November, and reduce in size as the birthing period approaches, during March to April. Females start to form separate maternity colonies as gestation advances, and they may join other Pteropus species at their roosts, the births occur in April to May after the dispersal of the larger camp. When the camp regroups later in the year the juveniles gather at their own roosts, joining the breeding camp at the next season when they have become sexually mature. _NEWLINE_The habitat of roost sites is often composed of wet understorey which provides a temperate microclimate. The 'little reds' will seek to roost closely with others, their combined weight may break branches as they join the camp at a tree. The species is susceptible to heat stroke, and many individuals die when suitable roost sites are unavailable. The disturbance to camps by human intervention during hot weather may cause the deaths of thousands of these bats.
MMP-27 was discovered and cloned in 1998 by Yang and Kurkinen. Initially compared to the so-called Chicken MMP (CMMP), MMP-27 actually shows very little sequence homology with this protease. Sequence homology predicts that the human MMP-27 gene encodes the canonical domains shared by most MMPs (annotation based on Uniprot entry Q9H306): (i) a signal peptide (residues 1-17), (ii) a propeptide (18-98) containing the cysteine switch motif (89-96), (iii) a catalytic domain (99-263) containing the typical HEXXHXXGXXH motif of the metzincins (M10 and M12 families of the MEROPS[2] database), (iv) a proline-rich hinge region (264-278) and (v) a hemopexin-like domain (279-465) folded as a four-bladed β-propeller through disulfide bond formation between the two flanking Cys residues (Cys279 and Cys465). MMP-27 could be classified in the stromelysin group of MMPs, since MMP-27 shows 51,6% homology with stromelysin-2 (MMP-10) and localizes in the cluster of MMPs located on chromosome 11._NEWLINE_Like the six known MT-MMPs, human MMP-27 is prolonged by an additional C-terminal domain (466-513). The Spoctopus algorithm for topological prediction suggests that this C-terminal extension (CTE) includes a potential transmembrane domain (490-510). However, this sequence is less hydrophobic than in transmembrane MT-MMPs (MMP-14, -15, -16 and -24) as it contains hydrophilic/charged residues, in particular His492, Lys493, His504 and Lys507.
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) is used to measure the levels of different metabolites in body tissues, which can be achieved through a variety of single voxel or imaging-based techniques. The MR signal produces a spectrum of resonances that corresponds to different molecular arrangements of the isotope being "excited". This signature is used to diagnose certain metabolic disorders, especially those affecting the brain, and to provide information on tumor metabolism._NEWLINE_Magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging (MRSI) combines both spectroscopic and imaging methods to produce spatially localized spectra from within the sample or patient. The spatial resolution is much lower (limited by the available SNR), but the spectra in each voxel contains information about many metabolites. Because the available signal is used to encode spatial and spectral information, MRSI requires high SNR achievable only at higher field strengths (3 T and above). The high procurement and maintenance costs of MRI with extremely high field strengths inhibit their popularity. However, recent compressed sensing-based software algorithms (e.g., SAMV) have been proposed to achieve super-resolution without requiring such high field strengths.
MartianCraft's Briefs app was first discussed in 2010, following its development and submission to the Apple iOS App Store. The app was quickly compared to other apps, such as Google Voice that have had their app under review for a number of months by Apple's review team. The app left MartianCraft's app in limbo for the foreseeable future._NEWLINE_In 2013, MartianCraft launched their Briefs app. Briefs was initially launched as an iOS app in May 2013, and the tool was created for prototyping iOS apps. Macworld featured the app explaining that while the app wasn't for programming apps, explaining that it was therefore not a direct competitor to Apple's Xcode._NEWLINE_At the time of release, Briefs was said to cost $199 and allowed the user to develop a working prototype of their app._NEWLINE_Gizmodo featured MartianCraft writing on their blog about Apple's design changes when they launched OS X Yosemite. The analysis predominantly covered the icon changes Apple had made to their operating system._NEWLINE_In February 2014, it was stated on Storify that the consultancy firm, Empirical Development were to merge. Following the announcement, one of the founders of Empirical Development featured in Fast Company, discussing the legacy app updates for iOS7. Later that month, MartianCraft acquired BitBQ, who were in control of the TouchPad and NumPad apps._NEWLINE_TouchPad was then redesigned for iOS7 in 2014. The redesign came on the popular app, which was acquired by MartianCraft years earlier._NEWLINE_Later in 2014, MartianCraft acquired the Denver-based software developer, Dragon Forged Software, which was founded in 2004. The software company had primarily focused on developing Apple-based software before their acquisition. MartianCraft therefore took over the control of Slender, Resolve, and Trivium. The final acquisition of 2014, came when Zarra Studios was acquired by MartianCraft._NEWLINE_MartianCraft was named to the Inc. 5000 list as a fastest growing private company in 2015 and again in 2016.
Talking about his childhood, Melvin described himself as "a shy little kid [who] developed interest in various hobbies." Melvin started telling jokes and use humor in order to get over his shyness. At the age of 14, Melvin got a job at a community college computer lab, despite never having owned a computer himself and being two years below the legal working age. This was his first significant access to the Internet, and an instructor taught him how to create a webpage on GeoCities, which he populated primarily with South Park animated GIFs._NEWLINE_Melvin never read many comics during his childhood, except for The Far Side by Gary Larson and Life in Hell by Matt Groening. Instead, he was a big fan of sketch comedy, and pointed at The Kids in the Hall, Monty Python, Upright Citizens Brigade, and Mr. Show with Bob and David as his comedic inspirations. Melvin has also been influenced by the stand-up comedy of Lewis Black, Mitch Hedberg, David Cross, Patton Oswalt, Demetri Martin, and Sarah Silverman.
Media cloud's key functionality comes from using web crawling to periodically fetch articles from various sources and then break them down into words that are counted. These word counts are then analyzed to determine what sources are saying about certain news. This process is not unique to Media Cloud and in fact is an application of the recently popular stream algorithms. These are algorithms characterized by operating on a continuous and unending stream of data, rather than waiting for a complete batch of information to be assembled. These algorithms are very useful because they allow monitoring of trends without having to know which topics are going to be the most popular. This type of functionality first noticeably emerged with network managers trying to dynamically see which sites have the highest traffic volumes. From there, stream algorithms have been used to have programs dynamically act on financial information, and by researchers whose experiments generate more data than can be analyzed, so stream algorithms are used to dynamically filter the initial data. Media cloud has similarly taken advantage of the functionality of stream algorithms to dynamically associate words to news as it crawls through various sources, and then provide its signature service of generating sentences based on words that the users are interested in and related media reports.
The day that Media Cloud relaunched, Ethan Zuckerman said, "We hope the tools we're providing are a complement to amazing efforts like Project for Excellence in Journalism's News Coverage and New Media indices--we consider their tools the gold standard for understanding what topics are discussed in American media. PEJ works their magic using talented teams of coders, who sample different corners of the media ecosystem to find out what's being discussed. We use huge data sets, algorithms, and automation to give a different picture, one focused on language instead of topic."_NEWLINE_Future uses for Media Cloud can involve smart phone or tablet applications to introduce the platform to users away from a computer. A Media Cloud app could serve as a news source while on the go for users. If Media Cloud were to expand into different information sites, it could target social media sites and incorporate news into them. Twitter and Facebook have incorporated features for trending news and topics similar to what Media Cloud aims to do._NEWLINE_The tool is expanding to sources that are not qualified as media, to understand the repercussion of studied events. Social media is the main target, as it includes not only the sharing of news, but also the response to shared content.
The MTP specification includes an enumeration of file formats, called object format. The use of this enumeration is in communicating supported file formats, and formats of transferred files._NEWLINE_Apart from some uncategorized formats in the beginning, the list of formats is grouped in categories of image, audio, video and document formats, with each category having one "Undefined" format followed by specific formats. There is also a super-generic "Undefined object" format._NEWLINE_Jolla cited lack of WebM support in MTP as one reason not to support the video format in their mobile operating system Sailfish OS. It is unclear if the limitation is in the tools or the spec, other than that WebM is not defined by the MTP 1.1 spec.
Later versions of several operating systems, including AmigaOS, Android, AROS, MorphOS, and Symbian OS support MTP, sometimes with additional drivers or software._NEWLINE_A disadvantage of MTP devices on Android as compared to USB mass storage is that although file timestamps are preserved when copying files from the Android device to one's computer, when copying in the other direction, the file modification timestamps are replaced with the time the copy was done.
Michael Grimes attended Polytechnic School in Pasadena, California and the University of California, Berkeley, where he received degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.  He interned as a communications systems engineer at Hughes Aircraft Company in the Space and Communications Group in 1985, as an information systems engineer at Pacific Bell in 1986, and was a software programmer and consultant at Grimes Surveying & Mapping Inc. (his father's company)._NEWLINE_On an autumn morning during his junior year at Polytechnic, Michael and his fellow students arrived at the esteemed college preparatory school to find hundreds of thousands of small slips of paper printed with the words MIKE GRIMES scattered all over the campus.  Current (2012) students at Poly have stated that these enigmatic messages continue to show up on occasion in lockers, behind furniture, and within books in the school library.  Grimes denied any knowledge of who distributed the messages, or why they may have done so.  There were no student body elections at the time of the incident._NEWLINE_Grimes' sister, Laura M. Grimes, Ph.D., is a Notre Dame-educated theologian.
Some mathematical mappings involving a single linear parameter exhibit the apparently random behavior known as chaos when the parameter lies within certain ranges.  As the parameter is increased towards this region, the mapping undergoes bifurcations at precise values of the parameter.  At first there is one stable point, then bifurcating to an oscillation between two values, then bifurcating again to oscillate between four values and so on.  In 1975, Dr. Feigenbaum, using the small HP-65 calculator he had been issued, discovered that the ratio of the difference between the values at which such successive period-doubling bifurcations occur tends to a constant of around 4.6692...  He was able to provide a mathematical proof of that fact, and he then showed that the same behavior, with the same mathematical constant, would occur within a wide class of mathematical functions, prior to the onset of chaos.  For the first time, this universal result enabled mathematicians to take their first steps to unraveling the apparently intractable "random" behavior of chaotic systems.  This "ratio of convergence" is now known as the first Feigenbaum constant._NEWLINE_The logistic map is a prominent example of the mappings that Feigenbaum studied in his noted 1978 article: Quantitative Universality for a Class of Nonlinear Transformations._NEWLINE_Feigenbaum's other contributions include important new fractal methods in cartography, starting when he was hired by Hammond to develop techniques to allow computers to assist in drawing maps.  The introduction to the Hammond Atlas (1992) states:_NEWLINE_Using fractal geometry to describe natural forms such as coastlines, mathematical physicist Mitchell Feigenbaum developed software capable of reconfiguring coastlines, borders, and mountain ranges to fit a multitude of map scales and projections.  Dr. Feigenbaum also created a new computerized type placement program which places thousands of map labels in minutes, a task that previously required days of tedious labor._NEWLINE_In another practical application of his work, he founded Numerix with Michael Goodkin in 1996. The company’s initial product was a software algorithm that dramatically reduced the time required for Monte Carlo pricing of exotic financial derivatives and structured products. Numerix remains one of the leading software providers to financial market participants._NEWLINE_The press release made on the occasion of his receiving the Wolf Prize summed up his works:_NEWLINE_The impact of Feigenbaum's discoveries has been phenomenal. It has spanned new fields of theoretical and experimental mathematics ... It is hard to think of any other development in recent theoretical science that has had so broad an impact over so wide a range of fields, spanning both the very pure and the very applied.
In August 1939, as war loomed, the squadron moved  back to RAF Ismailia in Egypt and carried out escort missions in the Western Desert and provided fighter defence of Alexandria. In November 1940, it was sent to Greece to operate its Blenheims in both the bomber and fighter roles, but in March 1941 the squadron was redesignated a fighter unit. After the fall of Greece and the Battle of Crete the squadron returned to Egypt and was re-equipped with Hurricanes and employed on night defence of Alexandria and shipping protection patrols before moving on to operations in the Western Desert._NEWLINE_When the situation in the Far East worsened the squadron was ordered to reinforce allied forces in Java, but by the time the squadron left Egypt, Java, had already fallen, and the squadron was ferried by the aircraft carrier HMS Indomitable to Ceylon arriving on 6 March 1942, just in time to assist in resisting the Japanese carrier strike against the island. This raid took place on 5 April 1942 with 21 aircraft being launched from its base at RAF Ratmalana whilst under heavy fire from Japanese aircraft. Seven of the squadron's Hurricanes were lost, with five of its pilots being killed or dying later of wounds received during the battle. It claimed 14 Japanese aircraft shot down, together with six probably destroyed and five damaged, out of a total claim for the whole of the island's defences of 24 shot down, 7 probables and 9 damaged. In fact, the Japanese lost seven aircraft, with a further 15 damaged._NEWLINE_In February 1944 it moved to the Burma front flying escort and ground attack missions and in May 1944 was re-equipped with American Republic P-47 Thunderbolts, which it took back into action in October until May 1945.
PC-Write was a modeless editor, using control characters and special function keys to perform various editing operations. By default it accepted many of the same control key commands as WordStar while adding many of its own features. It could produce plain ASCII text files, but there were also features that embedded control characters in a document to support automatic section renumbering, bold and italic fonts, and other such; also, a feature that was useful in list processing (as used in Auto LISP) was its ability to find matching open and closed parenthesis "( )"; this matching operation also worked for the other paired characters: { }, [ ] and < >._NEWLINE_Lines beginning with particular control characters n_NEWLINE_and/or a period (.) contained commands that were evaluated when the document was printed, e.g. to specify margin sizes, select elite or pica type, or to specify the number of lines of text that would fit on a page, such as in escape sequences._NEWLINE_While Quicksoft distributed copies of PC-Write for $10, the company encouraged users to make copies of the program for others in an early example of shareware. Quicksoft asked those who liked PC-Write to send it $75. The sum provided a printed manual (notable for its many pictures of cats, drawn by Megan Dana-Wallace), telephone technical support, source code, and a registration number that the user entered into his copy of the program. If anyone else paid the company $75 to purchase an already-registered copy of the software, the company paid a $25 commission back to the original registrant, and then issued a new number to the new buyer, thereby giving a financial incentive for buyers to distribute and promote the software. _NEWLINE_A configuration file allowed customizing PC-Write, including remapping the keyboard. Later versions of the registered (paid for) version of the program included a thesaurus (which was not shareware) along with the editor. In addition, there was vocabulary available in other languages, such as in German. Utilities were also provided to convert PC-Write files to and from other file formats that were common at the time. One limitation of the software was its inability to print directly from memory - because the print function was a separate subprogram, a document must be saved to a file before it could be printed._NEWLINE_Bob Wallace found that running Quicksoft used so much of his time he could not improve the PC-Write software. In early 1991, he sold the firm to another Microsoft alumnus, Leo Nikora, the original product manager for Windows 1.0 (1983–1985). Wallace returned to full programming and an updated version of PC-Write was released in June 1991._NEWLINE_One unusual feature of PC-Write was its implementation of free form editing: it could copy and paste a block of text anywhere.  For instance, if one had a block of information, one per line, in the format Name (spaces) Address, one could highlight only the addresses section and paste that into the right-hand part of a page. Today, Emacs and jEdit are also capable of performing this function._NEWLINE_When the market changed to multi-program software (office suites combining word processing, spreadsheet, and database programs), Quicksoft went out of business in 1993._NEWLINE_The first Trojan horse (appearing in 1986), PC-Write Trojan, masqueraded as "version 2.72" of the shareware word processor PC-Write. Quicksoft did not release a version 2.72.
PC Magazine stated that version 1.3 of "PC-Write rates extremely well and compares favorably with many word processors costing much more". It cited very fast performance, good use of color, and availability of source code as advantages, while lack of built-in support for printing bold or underline and keyboard macros was a disadvantage. Compute! complimented the software's "clean implementation of standard editing features", cited its "truly staggering" level of customization, and after mentioning a few flaws stated that they should be "viewed in context of the program's overall excellence".
The address locations that are POKEd or PEEKed at may refer either to ordinary memory cells or to memory-mapped hardware registers of I/O units or support chips such as sound chips and video graphics chips, or even to memory-mapped registers of the CPU itself (which makes software implementations of powerful machine code monitors and debugging/simulation tools possible). As an example of a POKE-driven support chip control scheme, the following POKE command is directed at a specific register of the Commodore 64's built-in VIC-II graphics chip, which will make the screen border turn black:_NEWLINE_POKE 53280, 0_NEWLINE_A similar example from the Atari 8-bit family tells the ANTIC display driver to turn all text upside-down:_NEWLINE_POKE 755, 4_NEWLINE_The difference between machines, and the importance and utility of the hard-wired memory locations, meant that "memory maps" of various machines were important documents. A canonical example is Mapping the Atari, which started at location zero and mapped out the entire 64 kB memory of the Atari systems location by location._NEWLINE_Pre and non-PC computers usually differ in the memory address areas designated for user programs, user data, operating system code and data, and memory-mapped hardware units. For these reasons, PEEK functions and POKE commands are inherently non-portable, meaning that a given sequence of those statements will almost certainly not work on any system other than the one for which the program was written.
In the context of games for many 8-bit computers, users could load games into memory and, before launching them, modify specific memory addresses in order to cheat, getting an unlimited number of lives, immunity, invisibility, etc.  Such modifications were performed using POKE statements. The Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC also allowed players with the relevant cartridges or Multiface add-on to freeze the running program, enter POKEs, and resume._NEWLINE_For example, in Knight Lore for the ZX Spectrum, immunity can be achieved with the following command:_NEWLINE_POKE 47196, 201_NEWLINE_In this case, the value 201 corresponds to a RET instruction, so that the game returns from a subroutine early before triggering collision detection._NEWLINE_Magazines such as Your Sinclair published lists of such POKEs for games. Such codes were generally identified by reverse-engineering  the machine code to locate the memory address containing the desired value that related to, for example, the number of lives, detection of collisions, etc._NEWLINE_Using a 'POKE' cheat is more difficult in modern games, as many include anti-cheat or copy-protection measures that inhibit modification of the game's memory space. Modern operating systems enforce virtual memory protection schemes to deny external program access to non-shared memory (for example, separate page tables for each application, hence inaccessible memory spaces).
North Star Computers, a vendor from the early 1980s, offered their own dialect of BASIC with their NSDOS operating system. Concerned about possible legal issues, they renamed the commands EXAM and FILL. There were also BASIC dialects that used the reserved words MEMW and MEMR instead._NEWLINE_BBC BASIC, used on the BBC Micro and other Acorn Computers machines, did not feature the keywords PEEK and POKE but used the question mark symbol (?), known as query in BBC BASIC, for both operations, as a function and command.  For example:_NEWLINE_> DIM W% 4  : REM reserve 4 bytes of memory, pointed to by integer variable W%> ?W% = 42  : REM store constant 42; equivalent of 'POKE W%, 42'> PRINT ?W% : REM print the byte pointed to by W%; equivalent of 'PRINT PEEK(W%)'_NEWLINE_        42_NEWLINE_32-bit values could be POKEd and PEEKed using the exclamation mark symbol (!), known as pling, with the least significant byte first (little-endian).  In addition, the address could be offset by specifying either query or pling after the address and following it with the offset:_NEWLINE_> !W% = &12345678   : REM ampersand (&) specifies hexadecimal> PRINT ~?W%, ~W%?3 : REM tilde (~) prints in hexadecimal_NEWLINE_        78        12_NEWLINE_Strings of text could be PEEKed and POKEd in a similar way using the Dollar sign ($).  The end of the string is marked with the Carriage return character (&0D in ASCII); when read back, this terminating character is not returned.  Offsets cannot be used with the dollar sign._NEWLINE_> DIM S% 20          : REM reserve 20 bytes of memory pointed to by S%> $S% = "MINCE PIES" : REM store string 'MINCE PIES', terminated by &0D> PRINT $(S% + 6)    : REM retrieve string, termined by &0D started at S% + 6 bytesPIES
PL/0 is a programming language, intended as an educational programming language, that is similar to but much simpler than Pascal, a general-purpose programming language. It serves as an example of how to construct a compiler. It was originally introduced in the book, Algorithms + Data Structures = Programs, by Niklaus Wirth in 1976. It features quite limited language constructs: there are no real numbers, very few basic arithmetic operations and no control-flow constructs other than "if" and "while" blocks. While these limitations make writing real applications in this language impractical, it helps the compiler remain compact and simple.
The following is the syntax rules of the model language defined in EBNF:_NEWLINE_program = block "." .block = [ "const" ident "=" number {"," ident "=" number} ";"]_NEWLINE_        [ "var" ident {"," ident} ";"]_NEWLINE_        { "procedure" ident ";" block ";" } statement .statement = [ ident ":=" expression | "call" ident _NEWLINE_              | "?" ident | "!" expression _NEWLINE_              | "begin" statement {";" statement } "end" _NEWLINE_              | "if" condition "then" statement _NEWLINE_              | "while" condition "do" statement ].condition = "odd" expression |_NEWLINE_            expression ("="|"#"|"<"|"<="|">"|">=") expression .expression = [ "+"|"-"] term { ("+"|"-") term}.term = factor {("*"|"/") factor}.factor = ident | number | "(" expression ")"._NEWLINE_It is rather easy for students to write a recursive descent parser for such a simple syntax. Therefore, the PL/0 compiler is still widely used in courses on compiler construction throughout the world. Due to the lack of features in the original specification, students usually spend most of their time with extending the language and their compiler. They usually start with introducing REPEAT .. UNTIL and continue with more advanced features like parameter passing to procedures or data structures like arrays, strings or floating point numbers.
The main article on compilers honours PL/0 for introducing several influential concepts (stepwise refinement, recursive descent parsing, EBNF, P-code, T-diagrams) to the field by educating students to use these concepts. Over the last 3 decades, most university courses on compiler construction that used PL/0 have followed Wirth strictly in employing these techniques (see references below). Some years ago university courses dared to deviate from the course set by Wirth with the replacement of the classical recursive descent parsing technique by a (nonetheless classical) Unix-like approach of employing lex and yacc. Only recently an implementation (PL/0 Language Tools) along this way has also combined modern concepts like object-orientation and design patterns with a modern scripting language (Python), allowing students to consume the source text of the implementation in a contemporary programming style.
In December 1976, Wirth wrote a small booklet about compiler construction, containing the full source code of the PL/0 compiler. The syntax rules above were taken from this first edition of Wirth's book Compilerbau. In later editions of this book (under the influence of his ongoing research) Wirth changed the syntax of PL/0. He changed the spelling of keywords like const and procedure to uppercase. This change made PL/0 resemble Modula-2 more closely. At the same time, Wirth's friend and collaborator C. A. R. Hoare was working on his influential communicating sequential processes concept, which used the exclamation mark ! and the question mark ? to denote communication primitives. Wirth added both symbols to the PL/0 language, but he did not mention their semantics in the book.
The following example is taken from such an extended language called PL/0E._NEWLINE_This program outputs the squares of numbers from 1 to 10. Most courses in compiler construction today have replaced the exclamation mark with the WriteLn procedure._NEWLINE_VAR x, squ;PROCEDURE square;BEGIN_NEWLINE_   squ:= x * xEND;BEGIN_NEWLINE_   x := 1;_NEWLINE_   WHILE x <= 10 DO_NEWLINE_   BEGIN_NEWLINE_      CALL square;_NEWLINE_      ! squ;_NEWLINE_      x := x + 1_NEWLINE_   ENDEND._NEWLINE_This following program prints the prime numbers from 1 to 100. The write statement corresponds to '!' statement in the EBNF syntax above._NEWLINE_const max = 100;var arg, ret;procedure isprime;var i;begin_NEWLINE_ret := 1;_NEWLINE_i := 2;_NEWLINE_while i < arg do_NEWLINE_begin_NEWLINE_if arg / i * i = arg then_NEWLINE_begin_NEWLINE_ret := 0;_NEWLINE_i := arg_NEWLINE_end;_NEWLINE_i := i + 1_NEWLINE_endend;procedure primes;begin_NEWLINE_arg := 2;_NEWLINE_while arg < max do_NEWLINE_begin_NEWLINE_call isprime;_NEWLINE_if ret = 1 then write arg;_NEWLINE_arg := arg + 1_NEWLINE_endend;call primes._NEWLINE_The following example was taken from the second edition of Wirth's book Compilerbau, which appeared in 1986 in Germany._NEWLINE_VAR x, y, z, q, r, n, f;PROCEDURE multiply;VAR a, b;BEGIN_NEWLINE_  a := x;_NEWLINE_  b := Y;_NEWLINE_  z := 0;_NEWLINE_  WHILE b > 0 DO_NEWLINE_  BEGIN_NEWLINE_    IF ODD b THEN z := z + a;_NEWLINE_    a := 2 * a;_NEWLINE_    b := b / 2_NEWLINE_  ENDEND;PROCEDURE divide;VAR w;BEGIN_NEWLINE_  r := x;_NEWLINE_  q := 0;_NEWLINE_  w := y;_NEWLINE_  WHILE w <= r DO w := 2 * w;_NEWLINE_  WHILE w > y DO_NEWLINE_  BEGIN_NEWLINE_    q := 2 * q;_NEWLINE_    w := w / 2;_NEWLINE_    IF w <= r THEN_NEWLINE_    BEGIN_NEWLINE_      r := r - w;_NEWLINE_      q := q + 1_NEWLINE_    END_NEWLINE_  ENDEND;PROCEDURE gcd;VAR f, g;BEGIN_NEWLINE_  f := x;_NEWLINE_  g := y;_NEWLINE_  WHILE f # g DO_NEWLINE_  BEGIN_NEWLINE_    IF f < g THEN g := g - f;_NEWLINE_    IF g < f THEN f := f - g_NEWLINE_  END;_NEWLINE_  z := fEND;PROCEDURE fact;BEGIN_NEWLINE_  IF n > 1 THEN_NEWLINE_  BEGIN_NEWLINE_    f := n * f;_NEWLINE_    n := n - 1;_NEWLINE_    CALL fact_NEWLINE_  ENDEND;BEGIN_NEWLINE_  ?x; ?y; CALL multiply; !z;_NEWLINE_  ?x; ?y; CALL divide; !q; !r;_NEWLINE_  ?x; ?y; CALL gcd; !z;_NEWLINE_  ?n; f := 1; CALL fact; !fEND.
In the third and last edition of his book on compiler construction, Wirth replaced PL/0 with Oberon-0.  The language Oberon-0 is much more complex than PL/0. For example, Oberon-0 offers arrays, records, type declarations and procedure parameters. The publisher of Wirth's books (Addison-Wesley) has decided to phase out all his books, but Wirth has published revised editions of his book beginning in 2004.  As of August 2017, the most recent revision available is from May 2017.
The Pasig River served as an important means of transport; it was Manila's lifeline and center of economic activity. Some of the most prominent kingdoms in early Philippine history, including the kingdoms of Namayan, Maynila, and Tondo grew up along the banks of the river, drawing their life and source of wealth from it. When the Spanish established Manila as the capital of their colonial properties in the Far East, they built the walled city of Intramuros on the southern bank of Pasig River near its mouth._NEWLINE_The commonly accepted origin for the endonym "Tagalog" is the term tagá-ilog, which means "people from [along] the river". An alternative theory states that the name is derived from tagá-alog, which means "people from the ford" (the prefix tagá- meaning "coming from" or "native of"). In 1821, American diplomat Edmund Roberts called the Tagalog Tagalor in his memoirs about his trips to the Philippines._NEWLINE_The earliest written record of the Tagalog is a 9th-century document known as the Laguna Copperplate Inscription which is about a remission of debt on behalf of the ruler of Tondo. Inscribed on it is year 822 of the Saka Era, the month of Waisaka, and the fourth day of the waning moon, which corresponds to Monday, April 21, 900 CE in the Proleptic Gregorian calendar. The writing system used is the Kawi Script, while the language is a variety of Old Malay, and contains numerous loanwords from Sanskrit and a few non-Malay vocabulary elements whose origin may be Old Javanese. Some contend it is between Old Tagalog and Old Javanese.
Orthogonal persistence is widely adopted in operating systems for hibernation and in platform virtualization systems such as VMware and VirtualBox for state saving._NEWLINE_Research prototype languages such as PS-algol, Napier88, Fibonacci and pJama, successfully demonstrated the concepts along with the advantages to programmers.
The pharmacy management system, also known as the pharmacy information system, is a system that stores data and enables functionality that organizes and maintains the medication use process within pharmacies._NEWLINE_These systems may be an independent technology for the pharmacy’s use only, or in a hospital setting, pharmacies may be integrated within an inpatient hospital computer physician order entry (CPOE) system._NEWLINE_Necessary actions for a basic, functioning pharmacy management system include a user interface, data entry and retention, and security limits to protect patient health information. Pharmacy computer software is usually purchased ready made or provided by a drug wholesaler as part of their service. Various pharmacy software operating systems are used throughout the many practice settings of pharmacy across the world.
Not all classification models are naturally probabilistic, and some that are, notably naive Bayes classifiers, decision trees and boosting methods, produce distorted class probability distributions.  In the case of decision trees, where Pr(y|x) is the proportion of training samples with label y in the leaf where x ends up, these distortions come about because learning algorithms such as C4.5 or CART explicitly aim to produce homogeneous leaves (giving probabilities close to zero or one, and thus high bias) while using few samples to estimate the relevant proportion (high variance).  _NEWLINE_ Calibration can be assessed using a calibration plot (also called a reliability diagram).  A calibration plot shows the proportion of items in each class for bands of predicted probability or score (such as a distorted probability distribution or the "signed distance to the hyperplane" in a support vector machine).  Deviations from the identity function indicate a poorly-calibrated classifier for which the predicted probabilities or scores can not be used as probabilities.  In this case one can use a method to turn these scores into properly calibrated class membership probabilities._NEWLINE_For the binary case, a common approach is to apply Platt scaling, which learns a logistic regression model on the scores._NEWLINE_An alternative method using isotonic regression is generally superior to Platt's method when sufficient training data is available._NEWLINE_In the multiclass case, one can use a reduction to binary tasks, followed by univariate calibration with an algorithm as described above and further application of the pairwise coupling algorithm by Hastie and Tibshirani.
In software development, reinventing the wheel is often necessary in order to work around software licensing incompatibilities or around technical limitations present in parts or modules provided by third parties. An example would be to implement a quicksort for a script written in JavaScript and destined to be embedded in a web page.  The quicksort algorithm is well known and readily available from libraries for software developers writing general-purpose applications in C++ or Java, but some Javascript implementations do not provide this specific algorithm.  Hence, if a developer wants to reliably use quicksort on their web page, they must "reinvent the wheel" by reimplementing the algorithm.  They could conceivably copy it from another web page, but then they could run into copyright and software licensing issues.  Reinventing the wheel in this case provides the missing functionality and also avoids copyright issues._NEWLINE_Additionally, those new to a language (and especially those new to programming) will often attempt to manually write many functions for which a more robust and optimized equivalent already exists in the standard library or other easily available libraries. While this can be useful as a learning exercise, when done unknowingly the result is often less readable, less reliable and less optimized software which takes longer to write, test, maintain, and debug.
In computing, a resident monitor is a  type of system software program that was used in many early computers from the 1950s to 1970s. It can be considered a precursor to the operating system.  The name is derived from a program which is always present in the computer's memory thus being "resident". Because memory was very limited on these systems the resident monitor was often little more than a stub which would gain control at the end of a job and load a non-resident portion to perform required job cleanup and setup tasks._NEWLINE_On a general-use computer using punched card input, the resident monitor governed the machine before and after each job control card was executed, loaded and interpreted each control card, and acted as a job sequencer for batch processing operations.  The functions that the resident monitor could perform were: clearing memory from the last used program (with the exception of itself), loading programs, searching for program data and maintaining standard IO routines in memory._NEWLINE_Similar system software layers were typically in use in the early days of the later minicomputers and microcomputers before they gained the power to support full operating systems.
In March 2012, the NRC forbade the plant to be reopened until the causes of its equipment problems were thoroughly understood and fixed. At the same time, Irvine Councilman Larry Agran called for the plant to be decommissioned safely and as soon as possible. Concerns included "nuclear waste stored at the plant, health hazards from radioactive material, and inadequate evacuation plans". Resolutions passed in neighboring cities Laguna Beach and San Clemente called for safer and more secure nuclear waste storage. San Clemente voted to request public information about radiation levels near the plant. The spokesman for Edison International said "the company will work to prepare detailed responses to council and community member questions and concerns"._NEWLINE_In June 2012 the environmental group Friends of the Earth filed a legal petition with the NRC, asking that any decision to restart SONGS be considered a de facto NRC license amendment which required a public hearing, rather than a decision by the NRC commissioners. Friends of the Earth submitted evidence and sworn statements of John Large of the London-based nuclear consulting engineers Large & Associates, demonstrating that the steam generating tube degradation was a generic fault of the Mitsubishi design and that Edison's power derating of the two nuclear units would not lower the rate of wear or the risk of catastrophic tube failure. SCE and NRC staff filed statements opposing the petition._NEWLINE_In July 2012, the NRC's final report identified ten issues that needed followup and stated "the plant will not be permitted to restart until the licensee has developed a plan to prevent further steam generator tube degradation and the NRC independently verifies that it can be operated safely." _NEWLINE_As of July 2012, the cost related to the shutdown had reached $165 million, with $117 million of that being the purchasing of power from other sources to replace the output of the plant. The Chairman of Edison International Ted Craver stated the possibility that reactor 3 might be scrapped as "It is not clear at this time whether Unit 3 will be able to restart without extensive additional repairs"._NEWLINE_In August 2012, Southern California Edison announced plans to lay off one-third, or 730, of the plants employees; the company said that the downsizing had been planned more than two years before. Rochelle Becker of the Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility said the layoffs showed that the company was not honest about their plans for the power plant._NEWLINE_In September 2012, Allison Macfarlane, the NRC Chairwoman, said that the plant would be down for a prolonged period, and that Unit 3 would be defueled in September 2012 because the unit had been significantly damaged. Due to the shutdown, the NRC ended requirements to monitor non-operating systems._NEWLINE_In October 2012, SCE submitted a "Unit 2 Return to Service Report" about corrective actions, such as plugging worn tubes and preventively plugged additional tubes. It proposed a restart limiting Unit 2 to 70% power, to prevent excessive tube vibration, until an inspection within 150 days of operation. SCE reported that most of the excessive wear had been in limited areas, due to higher speed and drier steam than computer modeling had predicted, and inadequate tube support at the U-bend. Analysis had concluded operating at 70% power would eliminate the conditions that caused excessive wear._NEWLINE_In November 2012, the NRC decided to refer the Friends of the Earth hearing request to the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board. By November 2012, the cost of the outage was over $300 million, and discussion of restarting Unit 2 had been postponed._NEWLINE_In December 2012, the last of the four old steam generators was transported to Clive, Utah for disposal._NEWLINE_In February 2013, the NRC asked the steam generator manufacturer Mitsubishi Heavy Industries to provide a redacted version of a report on the plant's steam generators for publication. The report described the changes made in the replacement steam generator including the removal of a support cylinder, changes to the tube support plates and anti-vibration bars, and  addition of about 400 tubes._NEWLINE_In December 2013, the NRC cited SONGS for failing to properly check the steam generator design, which had caused the plant shutdown. The finding did not carry any fine or penalty but complicated SCE's legal position that they did nothing wrong. The California Public Utilities Commission was considering whether to order a multimillion-dollar refund to SCE customers.
17 departments operate in the university: School of Management Science and Engineering, School of Business Administration, School of Accounting, School of Public Management, School of Economics, School of Statistics, School of Law, Department of Social Science, School of Foreign Studies and Literature, College of Mathematics and Information Science, College of Information and Electronic Engineering, Sino-Canada Higher Applied Technology College, College of International Business, School of International Exchanges, School of Adults Education,  Department of Sports and the Sino-Singapore Computer School . _NEWLINE_STBU offers 31 undergraduate programs: Business Management, Marketing, Human Resources Management, Labor and Social Insurance, Administration, Management Science, Information Management and Information System, Industry Engineering, Engineering Management, Economics, International Economy and Trade, Finance, Banking, Electronic Commerce, Law, Politics and Administration, Information and Calculating Science, Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Computer Science and Technology, Electronic Information Engineering, Electronic Engineering and Automation, Information Engineering, Accounting, Financial Management, English, Statistics, Social Work, Auditing, Logistics Management, Editing & Publication and Japanese . _NEWLINE_The 13 research institutes include Island economics research institute, Enterprise development and creation research institute and Coal economic research institute. Nine labs have been built including Dummy Real and visualization technology lab and E-commercialCenteretc. The four provincial key disciplines are: “Management Science and Engineering”, Enterprise Management, Statistics and Constitutional Law & Administrative Law. _NEWLINE_SDIBT views international cooperation positively and has set up relationships in academic exchanges and cooperation with universities from Canada, Russia, Germany, Australia, Korea, Japan, Singapore and many other countries. SDIBT has been given the approval to admit foreign students and Sino-overseas cooperation in running schools._NEWLINE_In only 20-some years, SDIBT has become a comprehensive finance and economics university It emphasizes teaching, focused on academic research. It promoted reforms such as motivation, and embracing school motto of “With Management and Economics Prosperity, Comes Wisdom and Compassion”. SDIBT implements the strategy of “ Supported by Discipline, Strengthened by Talents, Prospered by Unique Characteristics”. At the same time it constructs a peaceful and harmonious campus, and environmental campus actively and striving for construction of high level university of finance and economics in Shandong.
The most serious security problems with software-based systems are those that develop when the software requirements are incorrect, inappropriate, or incomplete for the system situation. Unfortunately, errors or omissions in requirements are more difficult to identify. For example, the software may perform exactly as required under normal use, but the requirements may not correctly deal with some system state. When the system enters this problem state, unexpected and undesirable behavior may result. This type of problem cannot be handled within the software discipline; it results from a failure of the system and software engineering processes which developed and allocated the system requirements to the software.
Constraint analysis evaluates the design of a software component against restrictions imposed by requirements and real-world limitations. The design must be responsive to all known or anticipated restrictions on the software component. These restrictions may include timing, sizing, and throughput constraints, input and output data limitations, equation and algorithm limitations, and other design limitations.
Code analysis verifies that the software source code is written correctly, implements the desired design, and does not violate any security requirements. Generally speaking, the techniques used in the performance of code analysis mirror those used in design analysis._NEWLINE_Secure Code reviews are conducted during and at the end of the development phase to determine whether established security requirements, security design concepts, and security-related specifications have been satisfied. These reviews typically consist of the presentation of material to a review group. Secure code reviews are most effective when conducted by personnel who have not been directly involved in the development of the software being reviewed.
A secure code inspection or walkthrough is a detailed examination of a product on a step-by-step or line-by-line (of source code) basis. The purpose of conducting secure code inspections or walkthroughs is to find errors. Typically, the group that does an inspection or walkthrough is composed of peers from development, security engineering and quality assurance.
Swanepoel was born in Nairobi, Kenya.  He holds a bachelor's degree in science from the University of Pretoria, a master's degree in business economics from the University of Johannesburg, and diplomas in arbitration, mergers and acquisitions, real estate, computer science] and marketing. Swanepoel has been an industry researcher of real estate trends for over three decades  and is recognized as a global real estate expert. His Swanepoel Trends Report is an annual analysis of how changes impact the real estate business and affect real estate brokers, agents and home buyers.
An inveterate reader of cereal-box side panels, Rushin cites as his earliest literary influences the copywriters at Kellogg's and General Mills, as well as the New York sportswriter Oscar Madison. After reading a story by Sports Illustrated writer Alexander Wolff on the annual Gus Macker three-on-three tournament in Michigan, Rushin struck up a correspondence with Wolff. He ended up writing an anthology of sports nicknames. From A-Train to Yogi, with Wolff and Chuck Wielgus. He joined the staff of S.I. in 1988, two weeks after graduating from Marquette. Within three years, at age 25, he became the youngest Senior Writer on the SI staff. In 1991, he was shuffled back to the Twin Cities to cover hometown reaction to the North Stars' first appearance in a Stanley Cup final in 10 years. The 15,000-plus crowds that jammed the Met Center for Cup games were a shock to Rushin, who hadn't seen a crowd that large in the arena in years—and certainly not when he and the rest of the Kennedy High Class of '84 held their graduation exercises there._NEWLINE_Three years later Rushin spent four months writing an epic feature for S.I.'s 40th Anniversary issue. The story of his journey was divided into five parts, each exploring an essential aspect of sports in America. One section was a lament for recently razed Metropolitan Stadium, whose site became the Mall of America and housed more than 800 stores, making it the largest shopping center in the United States. "It's nauseating to think that above where Fran Tarkenton once scrambled, there's going to be an Orange Julius or a Gap," he said. Rushin's essay – How We Got Here – spanned 24 pages and remains the longest-ever article published in a single issue of S.I. _NEWLINE_At the magazine, he filed stories from Java, Greenland, the India-Pakistan border and other far- and near-flung locales. He covered the World Series, the World Cup and Wimbledon. (And those were just the Ws). He ate his way around America's ballparks and rode a dozen rollercoasters in a day. His weekly column, Air & Space, ran from 1998 to 2007, and was often about sports. He left S.I. in February, 2007, returning in a contributing role in July 2010. He resumed his column - renamed "Rushin Lit" - on an occasional basis in October 2011._NEWLINE_During his time away from S.I., he wrestled three bears during the 2009 PGA Championship. He became a contributor to Golf Digest and Time magazine, for which he wrote back-page essays._NEWLINE_Rushin is the author of the billiards guide Pool Cool (1990), the travelogue Road Swing: One Fan's Journey Into the Soul of America's Sports (1998), the collection The Caddie Was a Reindeer (2004), the novel The Pint Man (2010). and the baseball historical The 34-Ton Bat: The Story of Baseball as Told Through Bobbleheads, Cracker Jacks, Jockstraps, Eye Black, and 375 Other Strange and Unforgettable Objects (2013)._NEWLINE_He has written numerous essays for The New York Times with memoirist and former Sports Illustrated colleague Franz Lidz. Three of them appear under the title Piscopo Agonistes in the 2000 collection Mirth of a Nation: The Best Contemporary Humor.
The Tati Double Degree Programme run-UTM was first offered in July session 1996/1997. Among the courses conducted on campus Tati is a Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Electronics, Mechanical Engineering, Mechatronic, and Integration of computer science degree. Each degree takes four years, three years in the Tati, and final year at UTM Skudai campus until the completion of the TATI infrastructure.
In the 1999/2000 session, Tati offered a diploma course in twinning programs Tati–Edexcel (UK), known as the Higher National Diploma (HND) Programme and start by taking the siswa or siswi first group of students or student in July 1999. Courses offered are HDN in Manufacturing Engineering, HND in electrical engineering (Electrical And Electronic) and HND in Information Technology (Software Engineering). A minimum three-year course is conducted full-time on campus Tati.
Testing a hypothesis suggested by the data can very easily result in false positives (type I errors). If one looks long enough and in enough different places, eventually data can be found to support any hypothesis. Yet, these positive data do not by themselves constitute evidence that the hypothesis is correct. The negative test data that were thrown out are just as important, because they give one an idea of how common the positive results are compared to chance. Running an experiment, seeing a pattern in the data, proposing a hypothesis from that pattern, then using the same experimental data as evidence for the new hypothesis is extremely suspect, because data from all other experiments, completed or potential, has essentially been "thrown out" by choosing to look only at the experiments that suggested the new hypothesis in the first place._NEWLINE_A large set of tests as described above greatly inflates the probability of type I error as all but the data most favorable to the hypothesis is discarded. This is a risk, not only in hypothesis testing but in all statistical inference as it is often problematic to accurately describe the process that has been followed in searching and discarding data. In other words, one wants to keep all data (regardless of whether they tend to support or refute the hypothesis) from "good tests", but it is sometimes difficult to figure out what a "good test" is. It is a particular problem in statistical modelling, where many different models are rejected by trial and error before publishing a result (see also overfitting, publication bias)._NEWLINE_The error is particularly prevalent in data mining and machine learning. It also commonly occurs in academic publishing where only reports of positive, rather than negative, results tend to be accepted, resulting in the effect known as publication bias.
The TMS320 series can be programmed using C, C++, and/or assembly language. Most work on the TMS320 processors is done using Texas Instruments proprietary toolchain and their integrated development environment Code Composer Studio, which includes a mini operating system called DSP/BIOS. Additionally, a department at the Chemnitz University of Technology has developed preliminary support for the TMS320C6x series in the GNU Compiler Collection._NEWLINE_In November 2007 TI released part of its toolchain as freeware for non-commercial users, offering the bare compiler, assembler, optimizer and linker under a proprietary license. However, neither the IDE nor a debugger were included, so for debugging and JTAG access to the DSPs, users still need to purchase the complete toolchain._NEWLINE_In 2010 Texas Instruments contracted CodeSourcery (the assignment later transferred to Mentor Graphics as part of their acquisition) to provide deep integration and support for the C6x series in GCC, as part of their effort to port the Linux kernel to C6x. This culminated in C6x being a supported architecture in GCC release 4.7 on March 22, 2012.
Theophilus Presbyter (fl. c. 1070–1125) is the pseudonymous author or compiler of a Latin text containing detailed descriptions of various medieval arts, a text commonly known as the Schedula diversarum artium ("List of various arts") or De diversis artibus ("On various arts"), probably first compiled between 1100 and 1120. The oldest manuscript copies of the work are found in Vienna (Austrian National Library, Codex 2527) and in Wolfenbüttel (Herzog-August-Bibliothek, Cod. Guelf. Gud. Lat. 69 2°). Gotthold Ephraim Lessing rediscovered the document when he worked as librarian in Wolfenbüttel, and published excerpts in 1774. These aroused great interest as they disproved Vasari's myth of Jan van Eyck developing the technique of oil painting in the early 15th century, about which antiquaries had already become suspicious._NEWLINE_Theophilus' Schedula allows detailed insights into the techniques used in the applied arts in the high Middle Ages. The work is divided into three books. The first covers the production and use of painting and drawing materials (painting techniques, paints, and ink), especially for illumination of texts and painting of walls. The second deals with the production of stained glass and techniques of glass painting, while the last deals with various techniques of goldsmithing and other metalwork. It also includes an introduction into the building of organs. Theophilus contains perhaps the earliest reference to oil paint. The work has been translated into English, French, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish, Hungarian, German, Italian, Japanese, Bulgarian, and Russian, mostly in the 19th and 20th centuries._NEWLINE_'Theophilus' was quite possibly a Benedictine monk. It has been suggested (particularly by Eckhard Freise) that Theophilus is the same person as the artisan monk Roger of Helmarshausen. Roger appears to have come from Stavelot Abbey in the Meuse River region, was active as an artist and author between 1100 and 1107 in St. Pantaleon's church in Cologne, and moved to Helmarshausen Abbey in 1107. The identity of the two men has been argued among researchers for some time, but Freise's conclusions have not yet been accepted by all researchers. Other suggestions have also been made, and at present there can not be said to be a consensus._NEWLINE_Theophilus, as the author of a "handbook", has been described as a mere theorist, but this view is currently in the minority. The First Book, on painting, is not particularly well-informed, but adequately reliable, the Second, on glass, is better, while most of the Third Book is clearly the work of a practising metalworker. It has recently been suggested that the apparent contradictory evidence as to dating, practical experience, and location of 'Theophilus' is best explained if the Schedula is understood to be a compilation.
Thermoacoustic imaging was originally proposed by Theodore Bowen in 1981 as a strategy for studying the absorption properties of human tissue using virtually any kind of electromagnetic radiation. But Alexander Graham Bell first reported the physical principle upon which thermoacoustic imaging is based a century earlier. He observed that audible sound could be created by illuminating an intermittent beam of sunlight onto a rubber sheet. Shortly after Bowen's work was published, other researchers proposed methodology for thermoacoustic imaging using microwaves. In 1994 researchers used an infrared laser to produce the first thermoacoustic images of near-infrared optical absorption in a tissue-mimicking phantom, albeit in two dimensions (2D). In 1995 other researchers formulated a general reconstruction algorithm by which 2D thermoacoustic images could be computed from their "projections," i.e. thermoacoustic computed tomography (TCT). By 1998 researchers at Indiana University Medical Center extended TCT to 3D and employed pulsed microwaves to produce the first fully three-dimensional (3D) thermoacoustic images of biologic tissue [an excised lamb kidney (Fig. 1)]. The following year they created the first fully 3D thermoacoustic images of cancer in the human breast, again using pulsed microwaves (Fig. 2).  Since that time, thermoacoustic imaging has gained widespread popularity in research institutions worldwide. As of 2008, three companies were developing commercial thermoacoustic imaging systems – Seno Medical, Endra, Inc. and OptoSonics, Inc.
Naylor was the son of T. H. Naylor, Jr. who he described as a prominent Mississippi racist whose views he himself rejected. Naylor graduated from Millsaps College with a Bachelor of Science in 1958 and a second one from Columbia University in Industrial Engineering in 1959. He received a Masters in Business from Indiana University in 1961 and a Doctor of Philosophy in Economics from Tulane University in 1964. He began his career at Duke University as an Assistant Professor of Economics in 1964, teaching economics, management science, and computer science, ending his career there in 1993. He also served as a visiting professor at the University of Wisconsin, Middlebury College and the University of Vermont._NEWLINE_During the 1970s Naylor was president of a 50-person computer software firm with Fortune 500 clients worldwide. He also was an international management consultant advising major corporations and governments in over thirty countries. He left business and turned to political analysis after trips to the Soviet Union in the 1980s which led him to publicly predicted future political changes there._NEWLINE_His articles appeared in The New York Times, International Herald Tribune, Los Angeles Times, Christian Science Monitor, The Nation, and Business Week. In recent years CounterPunch published a number of his articles. He has made appearances on major American television networks as well as CNN, Fox News, BBC and National Public Radio._NEWLINE_Naylor moved to Vermont in 1990 with his wife, Magdalena R. Naylor, M.D. who has worked as a psychiatrist and an associate professor at the University of Vermont. They had a son Alexander.
Timothy Moon-Yew Chan is a Founder Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. He was formerly Professor and University Research Chair in the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science, University of Waterloo, Canada._NEWLINE_He graduated with BA (summa cum laude) from Rice University in 1992, and completed his Ph.D. in Computer Science at UBC in 1995 at the age of 19. His late mother, Miu Yung Chan, was a molecular physicist with Ph.D. from the Ohio State University._NEWLINE_He was awarded the Governor General's Gold Medal (as Head of Graduating Class in the Faculty of Graduate Studies at the University of British Columbia during convocation), the NSERC doctoral prize, and the Premier's Research Excellence Award (PREA) of Ontario, Canada._NEWLINE_He is currently an associate editor for SIAM Journal on Computing and the International Journal of Computational Geometry and Applications. He is also a member of the editorial board of Algorithmica, Discrete & Computational Geometry, and Computational Geometry: Theory and Applications._NEWLINE_Chan has published extensively. His research covers data structures, algorithms, and computational geometry.
In version 0.0, it was oriented to the Spanish educational system and included problem lists for all pre-university subjects. It was distributed in a USB flash drive provided to the students, which instructors can apply for online. This drive contains a live Linux distro, the interpreter of the GNU Octave programming language, and the ToolboX and necessary software._NEWLINE_ToolboX is currently distributed under GNU GPLv3 license. Its first version includes a repository of tasks for several subjects of pre-college education (mathematics, physics and chemistry). The source code is available in a public repository.
In early October, a military propaganda campaign began to sweep the country, successfully convincing both Indonesian and international audiences that it was a Communist coup and that the murders were cowardly atrocities against Indonesian heroes. 30 September Movement was called Gestapu (from Gerakan September Tigapuluh, "30 September Movement"). The Army, acting on orders by Suharto and supervised by Nasution, began a campaign of agitation and incitement to violence among Indonesian civilians aimed at the Communist community and toward President Sukarno himself. PKI's denials of involvement had little effect. The regime was quickly destabilised, with the Army the only force left to maintain order._NEWLINE_At the funeral of Nasution's daughter Irma, Chief of Staff of the Navy Admiral Eddy Martadinata gave Muslim leaders the signal to attack Communists, who then responded with calls for Holy War against the PKI, a general obligation upon the Muslim community. On 8 October, the PKI head office was ransacked and burned to the ground while firefighters stood by idly. They then marched demanding the dissolution of the Communist Party. The homes of senior party figures, including PKI chairman D. N. Aidit, M. H. Lukman and Nyoto were also torched. The army led a campaign to purge Indonesian society, government and armed forces of the communist party and other leftist organisations. Leading PKI members were immediately arrested, some summarily executed._NEWLINE_On 18 October, a declaration was read over the armed forces-controlled radio stations, banning the PKI. The ban included the party itself, and its youth and women's wings, peasant associations, intellectual and student groups, and the SOBSI union. At the time, it was not clear whether this ban applied only to Jakarta (by then controlled by the Army), or the whole Republic of Indonesia. However, the ban was soon used as a pretext for the Indonesian Army to go throughout the country carrying out extrajudicial punishments, including mass arrest and summary executions, against suspected leftists and Sukarno loyalists. As the violence spread, Sukarno issued orders to try to stop it, but he was ignored. He also refused to blame the PKI for the coup, let alone ban it as the Army demanded. However, although Suharto and Nasution were increasingly suspicious about Sukarno's role in the affair, the Army was reluctant to confront the president directly because of his still widespread popularity._NEWLINE_Beginning in later October 1965, and feeding off pent-up communal hatreds, the Indonesian army and its civilian allies (especially Muslim vigilante groups) began to kill actual and suspected members and associates of the PKI.  The US government covertly supported the massacres, providing extensive lists of suspected communists to be targeted. The killings started in the capital Jakarta, spread to Central and East Java, and later Bali. Although killings occurred across Indonesia, the worst were in PKI strongholds of Central Java, East Java, Bali, and northern Sumatra.  The massacres reached their peak over the remainder of the year before subsiding in the early months of 1966. The estimates of the death toll of the violence range from over 100,000 to three million, but most scholars accept a figure of around 500,000. Many others were also imprisoned, and for the next ten years, people were still being imprisoned as suspects. It is thought that as many as 1.5m were imprisoned at one stage or another. As a result of the purge, one of Sukarno's three pillars of support, the PKI, had been effectively eliminated by the other two, the military and political Islam, helped in Bali by proponents of the Balinese caste system who saw the PKI and its allies as a threat to their way of life.
An uninstaller, also called a deinstaller, is a variety of utility software designed to remove other software or parts of it from a computer. It is the opposite of an installer. Uninstallers are useful primarily when software components are installed In multiple directories, or where some software components might be shared between the system being uninstalled and other systems that remain in use._NEWLINE_Generic uninstallers flourished in the 1990s due to the popularity of shared libraries and the constraints of then-current operating systems, especially Microsoft Windows XP.  Declining storage costs and increasing capacity subsequently made reclaiming disk space less urgent, while end-user applications have increasingly relied on simpler installation architectures that consolidate all components to facilitate removal.
Unlike undergrad admissions, there is no single admission process for graduate students. Each institution inside Unicamp has its own set of procedures, which usually include an admissions exam which can be specific for Unicamp or a standard exam applied across the country (such as ANPEC (in Portuguese) for economics, and PosComp (in Portuguese) for computer science. Besides the exam, the process usually includes an academic history analysis, interviews and in many cases requires a submission of a research project to be undertaken during the graduate studies.
Martin was born in London on 3 August 1953 to Anne Louise (née Priestman) and Captain Geoffrey Richard Martin. She was educated at Abbey College at Malvern Wells._NEWLINE_In 1975 she graduated with an MA from Girton College, Cambridge, and in 1979 with a Ph.D from the University of Warwick, both in mathematics. She began in mathematics working in group theory, later moving into string rewriting systems. She has held academic posts at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the University of Manchester and Royal Holloway, University of London. She has made sabbatical visits to Massachusetts Institute of Technology and SRI International (Menlo Park). In 2004 she was a Visiting Fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute._NEWLINE_From 1992 to 2002, Martin was Professor of Computer Science at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. She was the first female professor at the University since its foundation in 1411._NEWLINE_From 2003 to 2005, Martin was seconded to the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory part-time as Director of the Women@CL project to lead local, national and international initiatives for women in computing, supported by Microsoft Research and Intel Cambridge Research. She was a Fellow of Newnham College, Cambridge._NEWLINE_Martin has been an Advisory Editor for the Annals of Pure and Applied Logic journal (published by Elsevier) and on the editorial boards for The Journal of Computation and Mathematics (London Mathematical Society) and Formal Aspects of Computing (Springer-Verlag).
Martin was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to computer science. In 2017 she was both elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 2017 and the Royal Academy of Engineering.
Chandrasekaran studied at Rice University, where he completed the BA degree in Mathematics and the BS degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering in 2005.  He then received a PhD degree Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2011. He was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of California, Berkeley for one year before joining Caltech as an Assistant Professor in 2012.
The company's flagship product is the Walk Score, a walkability index and the namesake of the company. Walk Score is a type of automated efficiency model focused on location efficiency. The company serves more than four million scores per day to over ten thousand participating websites. A Walk Score may be assigned to a particular address or an entire region, and the company maintains a ranking of the most walkable cities in the United States._NEWLINE_Josh Herst, CEO of Walk Score, has stated that he wants Walk Score to be a part of every real-estate listing in the future.  He envisions the Walk Score of a home to be as important as how many bedrooms or bathrooms the property has._NEWLINE_According to the site's creators, "The Walk Score algorithm awards points based on the distance to the closest amenity in each category. If the closest amenity in a category is within .25 miles (or .4 km), we assign the maximum number of points. The number of points declines as the distance approaches 1 mile (or 1.6 km)—no points are awarded for amenities farther than 1 mile. Each category is weighted equally and the points are summed and normalized to yield a score from 0–100. The number of nearby amenities is the leading predictor of whether people walk." Relevant amenities include "businesses, parks, theaters, schools and other common destinations."
Walk Score has received some criticism in the media, particularly from urban planning professionals, for the limits of its accuracy and relevancy in methodology and results.  Specifically, Walk Score doesn't calculate whether there are sidewalks, how many lanes of traffic one must cross, how much crime occurs in the area, or what the weather is typically like.  It also doesn't differentiate between types of amenities, for example a supermarket grocery store versus a small food mart selling mostly chips and liquor._NEWLINE_Walk Score does not accurately score areas adjacent to international borders. The algorithm prioritizes locations across the border which leads to low and inaccurate scores.
XCOM, is a proprietary file transfer utility owned by CA Technologies. First launched in 1987, it became one of the first heterogeneous systems management software products to be widely deployed in large corporate networks around the world, at peak expanding to more than 13 operating systems, and is still being sold and deployed more than 25 years later. Its installed based grew very rapidly at first because it was one of the first third party products to be based upon the then advanced networking technology from IBM, known as Advanced Program to Program Communication, which allowed faster and more reliable communication between different types of computers. Originally developed by Spectrum Concepts (in conjunction with Proginet), the product was sold to Legent Corporation in 1992, in the largest software transaction in history, up until that time, in a transaction that acquired approval of the United States Department of Justice_NEWLINE_Its early versions supported IBM mainframe and midrange including IBM System 38 and AS/400, Windows, Apple, UNIX, Digital Equipment Corporation VAX, Data General, Stratus, Tandem, and others, for many decades and functions on both SNA and TCP/IP networks. XCOM establishes a peer-to-peer connection to manage all aspects of moving bulk data between heterogeneous systems.
The Yeshiva is known for its Neo-Chassidic ideology. Having said that, The Yeshiva encourages students to find their own path in their Avodat Hashem (Worship of G-d). It is very common to find two students sitting next to each other in the Bet Midrash, with one learning Likutei Moharan (Hebrew: ליקוטי מוהר"ן, one the main books of the Breslav Chassidic sect), and the other learning a book such as Nefesh Hachaim (Hebrew: נפש החיים, whose author, R' Chaim of Volozhin was a prominent student of the Vilna Gaon and a pioneer of Lithuanian-style yeshivas). The Educational philosophy of the Yeshiva is one that encourages the individual student to excel in the area that interests him, and the yeshiva will readily offer assistance to a student who is in need of additional help. The focus is on realizing the potential of the individual student. This can be seen in the unique programs for Talmud Study that the Yeshiva offers for its students. In the morning Talmud Study period, a high level Talmud class, known as "Eshkolot Iyun" (Hebrew: אשכולות עיון) is offered for interested 10th and 11th graders. The focus of this program is developing the students analytical skills, and being able to find the conceptual underpinnings of the matter at hand. A program bearing the same name is offered for students of all ages during the nightly Talmud Study period. Students have the option of learning a full double-sided pholio (Daf) of Talmud, as opposed to a one sided pholio (Amud). This range of options gives the student the opportunity to find what is best for him, and allows him to develop his own path in Torah learning. Another example of this is found in the afternoon Torah Study period after afternoon prayers. This is a time for students to learn whatever their heart desires, and many develop a deep love and appreciation for the torah by studying a part of the torah that they feel uniquely connected to. Many students say that it is this time of the day that they cherish the most. The same is true regarding the secular studies. The core curriculum as set by the Ministry of Education is taught, but many additional options are available for interested students. Part of the core curriculum are the electives that 11th and 12th graders study. These include Physics, Biology, Literature, Environmental Studies, Computer Science, Land of Israel Studies and History. The student is encouraged to choose what is best for him, and the teaching staff is always ready to assist a student in need of guidance._NEWLINE_In 2005, the Senior Rosh Yeshiva, Rav Dov Singer established the Bet Hamidrash for Renewal (Hebrew: בית המדרש להתחדשות), and the educational philosophy of the Yeshiva started to spread throughout the Israeli educational system._NEWLINE_Since 2007, the school has offered a joint exchange program with Yeshiva University High School for Boys in which a number of YUHSB students spend a half semester at Makor Chaim and then return with a number of YMC students who spend time at YUHSB. It is also offering a similar program with Yeshiva College of South Africa. Those programs include a class of approximately 25 foreign students living and learning in Makor Chaim for about a month, and four students from Makor Chaim going abroad for 5-6 weeks. The goal of those programs is to uplift the sense of zionism and "chious", spirit of life, in the foreign schools students' Avodat Hashem.
Zia Chishti was born as Wilson Lear in 1971 in Bar Harbor, Maine. His father was American and his mother Pakistani, and after the death of his father in 1974, Chishti and his mother moved to Lahore, Pakistan. At that time, his name was legally changed to Zia Chishti. Although Chishti intended to pursue a business career in Pakistan after graduating from the Lahore American School, he was persuaded by his mother to return to the United States. In 1988 he moved to New York City to begin attending Columbia University, where he earned a BA in computer science and economics in 1992._NEWLINE_Chishti subsequently became an investment banker at Morgan Stanley, working in New York and London, England on mergers and acquisitions. He also worked for McKinsey & Company as a management consultant in London. In 1997  he graduated from Stanford University in California with an MBA.
In March 1820 the disease was identified in Siam, in May 1820 it had spread as far as Bangkok and Manila, in spring of 1821 it reached Java, Oman, and Anhai in China; in 1822 it was found in Japan, in the Persian Gulf, in Baghdad, in Syria, and in the Transcaucacus; and in 1823 cholera reached Astrakhan, Zanzibar, and Mauritius._NEWLINE_In 1824, transmission of the disease ended.  Some researchers believe that may have been due to the cold winter of 1823–24, which would have killed the bacteria in the water supplies._NEWLINE_The movement of British Army and Navy personnel is believed to have contributed to the range of the pandemic.  Hindu pilgrims carried cholera within the subcontinent, as had happened many times previously, but British troops carried it overland to Nepal and Afghanistan.  The Navy and merchant ships carried people with the disease to the shores of the Indian Ocean, from Africa to Indonesia, and north to China and Japan.
The total deaths from the epidemic remain unknown.  Scholars of particular areas have estimated death tolls.  For instance, some estimate that Bangkok might have suffered 30,000 deaths from the disease.  In Semarang, Java 1,225 people died in eleven days in April 1821.
Ada was originally targeted at embedded and real-time systems. The Ada 95 revision, designed by S. Tucker Taft of Intermetrics between 1992 and 1995, improved support for systems, numerical, financial, and object-oriented programming (OOP)._NEWLINE_Features of Ada include: strong typing, modularity mechanisms (packages), run-time checking, parallel processing (tasks, synchronous message passing, protected objects, and nondeterministic select statements), exception handling, and generics. Ada 95 added support for object-oriented programming, including dynamic dispatch._NEWLINE_The syntax of Ada minimizes choices of ways to perform basic operations, and prefers English keywords (such as "or else" and "and then") to symbols (such as "||" and "&&"). Ada uses the basic arithmetical operators "+", "-", "*", and "/", but avoids using other symbols. Code blocks are delimited by words such as "declare", "begin", and "end", where the "end" (in most cases) is followed by the identifier of the block it closes (e.g., if ... end if, loop ... end loop). In the case of conditional blocks this avoids a dangling else that could pair with the wrong nested if-expression in other languages like C or Java._NEWLINE_Ada is designed for development of very large software systems. Ada packages can be compiled separately.  Ada package specifications (the package interface) can also be compiled separately without the implementation to check for consistency.  This makes it possible to detect problems early during the design phase, before implementation starts._NEWLINE_A large number of compile-time checks are supported to help avoid bugs that would not be detectable until run-time in some other languages or would require explicit checks to be added to the source code.  For example, the syntax requires explicitly named closing of blocks to prevent errors due to mismatched end tokens. The adherence to strong typing allows detection of many common software errors (wrong parameters, range violations, invalid references, mismatched types, etc.) either during compile-time, or otherwise during run-time. As concurrency is part of the language specification, the compiler can in some cases detect potential deadlocks. Compilers also commonly check for misspelled identifiers, visibility of packages, redundant declarations, etc. and can provide warnings and useful suggestions on how to fix the error._NEWLINE_Ada also supports run-time checks to protect against access to unallocated memory, buffer overflow errors, range violations, off-by-one errors, array access errors, and other detectable bugs. These checks can be disabled in the interest of runtime efficiency, but can often be compiled efficiently. It also includes facilities to help program verification. For these reasons, Ada is widely used in critical systems, where any anomaly might lead to very serious consequences, e.g., accidental death, injury or severe financial loss. Examples of systems where Ada is used include avionics, air traffic control, railways, banking, military and space technology._NEWLINE_Ada's dynamic memory management is high-level and type-safe.  Ada does not have generic or untyped pointers; nor does it implicitly declare any pointer type.  Instead, all dynamic memory allocation and deallocation must take place through explicitly declared access types._NEWLINE_Each access type has an associated storage pool that handles the low-level details of memory management; the programmer can either use the default storage pool or define new ones (this is particularly relevant for Non-Uniform Memory Access).  It is even possible to declare several different access types that all designate the same type but use different storage pools._NEWLINE_Also, the language provides for accessibility checks, both at compile time and at run time, that ensures that an access value cannot outlive the type of the object it points to._NEWLINE_Though the semantics of the language allow automatic garbage collection of inaccessible objects, most implementations do not support it by default, as it would cause unpredictable behaviour in real-time systems.  Ada does support a limited form of region-based memory management; also, creative use of storage pools can provide for a limited form of automatic garbage collection, since destroying a storage pool also destroys all the objects in the pool._NEWLINE_A double-dash ("--"), resembling an em dash, denotes comment text.  Comments stop at end of line, to prevent unclosed comments from accidentally voiding whole sections of source code.  Disabling a whole block of code now requires the prefixing of each line (or column) individually with "--". While clearly denoting disabled code with a column of repeated "--" down the page this renders the experimental dis/re-enablement of large blocks a more drawn out process._NEWLINE_The semicolon (";") is a statement terminator, and the null or no-operation statement is null;. A single ; without a statement to terminate is not allowed._NEWLINE_Unlike most ISO standards, the Ada language definition (known as the Ada Reference Manual or ARM, or sometimes the Language Reference Manual or LRM) is free content. Thus, it is a common reference for Ada programmers and not just programmers implementing Ada compilers. Apart from the reference manual, there is also an extensive rationale document which explains the language design and the use of various language constructs. This document is also widely used by programmers. When the language was revised, a new rationale document was written._NEWLINE_One notable free software tool that is used by many Ada programmers to aid them in writing Ada source code is the GNAT Programming Studio.
In the 1970s, the US Department of Defense (DoD) was concerned by the number of different programming languages being used for its embedded computer system projects, many of which were obsolete or hardware-dependent, and none of which supported safe modular programming. In 1975, a working group, the High Order Language Working Group (HOLWG), was formed with the intent to reduce this number by finding or creating a programming language generally suitable for the department's and the UK Ministry of Defence requirements. After many iterations beginning with an original Straw man proposal the eventual programming language was named Ada. The total number of high-level programming languages in use for such projects fell from over 450 in 1983 to 37 by 1996._NEWLINE_The HOLWG working group crafted the Steelman language requirements, a series of documents stating the requirements they felt a programming language should satisfy. Many existing languages were formally reviewed, but the team concluded in 1977 that no existing language met the specifications._NEWLINE_Requests for proposals for a new programming language were issued and four contractors were hired to develop their proposals under the names of Red (Intermetrics led by Benjamin Brosgol), Green (CII Honeywell Bull, led by Jean Ichbiah), Blue (SofTech, led by John Goodenough) and Yellow (SRI International, led by Jay Spitzen). In April 1978, after public scrutiny, the Red and Green proposals passed to the next phase. In May 1979, the Green proposal, designed by Jean Ichbiah at CII Honeywell Bull, was chosen and given the name Ada—after Augusta Ada, Countess of Lovelace. This proposal was influenced by the programming language LIS that Ichbiah and his group had developed in the 1970s. The preliminary Ada reference manual_NEWLINE_was published in ACM SIGPLAN Notices in June 1979. The Military Standard reference manual was approved on December 10, 1980 (Ada Lovelace's birthday), and_NEWLINE_given the number MIL-STD-1815 in honor of Ada Lovelace's birth year. In 1981, C. A. R. Hoare took advantage of his Turing Award speech to criticize Ada for being overly complex and hence unreliable, but subsequently seemed to recant in the foreword he wrote for an Ada textbook._NEWLINE_Ada attracted much attention from the programming community as a whole during its early days.  Its backers and others predicted that it might become a dominant language for general purpose programming and not just defense-related work.  Ichbiah publicly stated that within ten years, only two programming languages would remain, Ada and Lisp.  Early Ada compilers struggled to implement the large, complex language, and both compile-time and run-time performance tended to be slow and tools primitive.   Compiler vendors expended most of their efforts in passing the massive, language-conformance-testing, government-required "ACVC" validation suite that was required in another novel feature of the Ada language effort.  The Jargon File, a dictionary of  computer hacker slang originating in 1975-1983, notes in an entry on Ada that "it is precisely what one might expect given that kind of endorsement by fiat; designed by committee...difficult to use, and overall a disastrous, multi-billion-dollar boondoggle...Ada Lovelace...would almost certainly blanch at the use her name has been latterly put to; the kindest thing that has been said about it is that there is probably a good small language screaming to get out from inside its vast, {elephantine} bulk."_NEWLINE_The first validated Ada implementation was the NYU Ada/Ed translator, certified on April 11, 1983. NYU Ada/Ed is implemented in the high-level set language SETL.  A number of commercial companies began offering Ada compilers and associated development tools, including Alsys, TeleSoft, DDC-I, Advanced Computer Techniques, Tartan Laboratories, TLD Systems, Verdix, and others._NEWLINE_In 1991, the US Department of Defense began to require the use of Ada (the Ada mandate) for all software, though exceptions to this rule were often granted.  The Department of Defense Ada mandate was effectively removed in 1997, as the DoD began to embrace  COTS technology. Similar requirements existed in other NATO countries: Ada was required for NATO systems involving command and control and other functions, and Ada was the mandated or preferred language for defense-related applications in countries such as Sweden, Germany, and Canada._NEWLINE_By the late 1980s and early 1990s, Ada compilers had improved in performance, but there were still barriers to full exploitation of Ada's abilities, including a tasking model that was different from what most real-time programmers were used to._NEWLINE_Because of Ada's safety-critical support features, it is now used not only for military applications, but also in commercial projects where a software bug can have severe consequences, e.g., avionics and air traffic control, commercial rockets such as the Ariane 4 and 5, satellites and other space systems, railway transport and banking._NEWLINE_For example, the Airplane Information Management System, the fly-by-wire system software in the Boeing 777, was written in Ada.  Developed by Honeywell Air Transport Systems in collaboration with consultants from DDC-I, it became arguably the best-known of any Ada project, civilian or military. The Canadian Automated Air Traffic System was written in 1 million lines of Ada (SLOC count). It featured advanced distributed processing, a distributed Ada database, and object-oriented design. Ada is also used in other air traffic systems, e.g., the UK's next-generation Interim Future Area Control Tools Support (iFACTS) air traffic control system is designed and implemented using SPARK Ada._NEWLINE_It is also used in the French TVM in-cab signalling system on the TGV high-speed rail system, and the metro suburban trains in Paris, London, Hong Kong and New York City.
The language became an ANSI standard in 1983 (ANSI/MIL-STD 1815A), and after translation in French and without any further changes in English became_NEWLINE_an ISO standard in 1987 (ISO-8652:1987). This version of the language is commonly known as Ada 83, from the date of its adoption by ANSI, but is sometimes referred to also as Ada 87, from the date of its adoption by ISO._NEWLINE_Ada 95, the joint ISO/ANSI standard (ISO-8652:1995) was published in February 1995, making Ada 95 the first ISO standard object-oriented programming language. To help with the standard revision and future acceptance, the US Air Force funded the development of the GNAT Compiler. Presently, the GNAT Compiler is part of the GNU Compiler Collection._NEWLINE_Work has continued on improving and updating the technical content of the Ada programming language. A Technical Corrigendum to Ada 95 was published in October 2001, and a major Amendment, ISO/IEC 8652:1995/Amd 1:2007 was published on March 9, 2007. At the Ada-Europe 2012 conference in Stockholm, the Ada Resource Association (ARA) and Ada-Europe announced the completion of the design of the latest version of the Ada programming language and the submission of the reference manual to the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) for approval. ISO/IEC 8652:2012 was published in December 2012._NEWLINE_Other related standards include ISO 8651-3:1988 Information processing systems—Computer graphics—Graphical Kernel System (GKS) language bindings—Part 3: Ada.
Ada's type system is not based on a set of predefined primitive types but allows users to declare their own types. This declaration in turn is not based on the internal representation of the type but on describing the goal which should be achieved. This allows the compiler to determine a suitable memory size for the type, and to check for violations of the type definition at compile time and run time (i.e., range violations, buffer overruns, type consistency, etc.). Ada supports numerical types defined by a range, modulo types, aggregate types (records and arrays), and enumeration types. Access types define a reference to an instance of a specified type; untyped pointers are not permitted._NEWLINE_Special types provided by the language are task types and protected types._NEWLINE_For example, a date might be represented as:_NEWLINE_type Day_type   is range    1 ..   31;type Month_type is range    1 ..   12;type Year_type  is range 1800 .. 2100;type Hours is mod 24;type Weekday is (Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday);type Date is_NEWLINE_   record_NEWLINE_     Day   : Day_type;_NEWLINE_     Month : Month_type;_NEWLINE_     Year  : Year_type;_NEWLINE_   end record;_NEWLINE_Types can be refined by declaring subtypes:_NEWLINE_subtype Working_Hours is Hours range 0 .. 12;            -- at most 12 Hours to work a daysubtype Working_Day is Weekday range Monday .. Friday;   -- Days to workWork_Load: constant array(Working_Day) of Working_Hours  -- implicit type declaration_NEWLINE_   := (Friday => 6, Monday => 4, others => 10);           -- lookup table for working hours with initialization_NEWLINE_Types can have modifiers such as limited, abstract, private etc. Private types can only be accessed and limited types can only be modified or copied within the scope of the package that defines them._NEWLINE_Ada 95 adds additional features for object-oriented extension of types.
Among the parts of an Ada program are packages, procedures and functions._NEWLINE_Example:_NEWLINE_Package specification (example.ads)_NEWLINE_package Example is_NEWLINE_     type Number is range 1 .. 11;_NEWLINE_     procedure Print_and_Increment (j: in out Number);end Example;_NEWLINE_Package body (example.adb)_NEWLINE_with Ada.Text_IO;package body Example is_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_  i : Number := Number'First;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_  procedure Print_and_Increment (j: in out Number) is_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_    function Next (k: in Number) return Number is_NEWLINE_    begin_NEWLINE_      return k + 1;_NEWLINE_    end Next;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_  begin_NEWLINE_    Ada.Text_IO.Put_Line ( "The total is: " & Number'Image(j) );_NEWLINE_    j := Next (j);_NEWLINE_  end Print_and_Increment;-- package initialization executed when the package is elaboratedbegin_NEWLINE_  while i < Number'Last loop_NEWLINE_    Print_and_Increment (i);_NEWLINE_  end loop;end Example;_NEWLINE_This program can be compiled, e.g., by using the freely available open-source compiler GNAT, by executing_NEWLINE_gnatmake -z example.adb_NEWLINE_Packages, procedures and functions can nest to any depth, and each can also be the logical outermost block._NEWLINE_Each package, procedure or function can have its own declarations of constants, types, variables, and other procedures, functions and packages, which can be declared in any order.
Ada has language support for task-based concurrency. The fundamental concurrent unit in Ada is a task, which is a built-in limited type. Tasks are specified in two parts – the task declaration defines the task interface (similar to a type declaration), the task body specifies the implementation of the task._NEWLINE_Depending on the implementation, Ada tasks are either mapped to operating system threads or processes, or are scheduled internally by the Ada runtime._NEWLINE_Tasks can have entries for synchronisation (a form of synchronous message passing). Task entries are declared in the task specification. Each task entry can have one or more accept statements within the task body. If the control flow of the task reaches an accept statement, the task is blocked until the corresponding entry is called by another task (similarly, a calling task is blocked until the called task reaches the corresponding accept statement). Task entries can have parameters similar to procedures, allowing tasks to synchronously exchange data. In conjunction with select statements it is possible to define guards on accept statements (similar to Dijkstra's guarded commands)._NEWLINE_Ada also offers protected objects for mutual exclusion. Protected objects are a monitor-like construct, but use guards instead of conditional variables for signaling (similar to conditional critical regions). Protected objects combine the data encapsulation and safe mutual exclusion from monitors, and entry guards from conditional critical regions.  The main advantage over classical monitors is that conditional variables are not required for signaling, avoiding potential deadlocks due to incorrect locking semantics. Like tasks, the protected object is a built-in limited type, and it also has a declaration part and a body._NEWLINE_A protected object consists of encapsulated private data (which can only be accessed from within the protected object), and procedures, functions and entries which are guaranteed to be mutually exclusive (with the only exception of functions, which are required to be side effect free and can therefore run concurrently with other functions). A task calling a protected object is blocked if another task is currently executing inside the same protected object, and released when this other task leaves the protected object. Blocked tasks are queued on the protected object ordered by time of arrival._NEWLINE_Protected object entries are similar to procedures, but additionally have guards. If a guard evaluates to false, a calling task is blocked and added to the queue of that entry; now another task can be admitted to the protected object, as no task is currently executing inside the protected object. Guards are re-evaluated whenever a task leaves the protected object, as this is the only time when the evaluation of guards can have changed._NEWLINE_Calls to entries can be requeued to other entries with the same signature. A task that is requeued is blocked and added to the queue of the target entry; this means that the protected object is released and allows admission of another task._NEWLINE_The select statement in Ada can be used to implement non-blocking entry calls and accepts, non-deterministic selection of entries (also with guards), time-outs and aborts._NEWLINE_The following example illustrates some concepts of concurrent programming in Ada._NEWLINE_with Ada.Text_IO; use Ada.Text_IO;procedure Traffic is_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   type Airplane_ID is range 1..10;             -- 10 airplanes_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   task type Airplane (ID: Airplane_ID);        -- task representing airplanes, with ID as initialisation parameter_NEWLINE_   type Airplane_Access is access Airplane;     -- reference type to Airplane_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   protected type Runway is                     -- the shared runway (protected to allow concurrent access)_NEWLINE_      entry Assign_Aircraft (ID: Airplane_ID);  -- all entries are guaranteed mutually exclusive_NEWLINE_      entry Cleared_Runway (ID: Airplane_ID);_NEWLINE_      entry Wait_For_Clear;_NEWLINE_   private_NEWLINE_      Clear: Boolean := True;                   -- protected private data - generally more than just a flag..._NEWLINE_   end Runway;_NEWLINE_   type Runway_Access is access all Runway;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   -- the air traffic controller task takes requests for takeoff and landing_NEWLINE_   task type Controller (My_Runway: Runway_Access) is_NEWLINE_      -- task entries for synchronous message passing_NEWLINE_      entry Request_Takeoff (ID: in Airplane_ID; Takeoff: out Runway_Access);_NEWLINE_      entry Request_Approach(ID: in Airplane_ID; Approach: out Runway_Access);_NEWLINE_   end Controller;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   --  allocation of instances_NEWLINE_   Runway1    : aliased Runway;              -- instantiate a runway_NEWLINE_   Controller1: Controller (Runway1'Access); -- and a controller to manage it_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   ------ the implementations of the above types ------_NEWLINE_   protected body Runway is_NEWLINE_      entry Assign_Aircraft (ID: Airplane_ID)_NEWLINE_ when Clear is   -- the entry guard - calling tasks are blocked until the condition is true_NEWLINE_      begin_NEWLINE_       Clear := False;_NEWLINE_       Put_Line (Airplane_ID'Image (ID) & " on runway ");_NEWLINE_      end;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_      entry Cleared_Runway (ID: Airplane_ID)_NEWLINE_ when not Clear is_NEWLINE_      begin_NEWLINE_         Clear := True;_NEWLINE_         Put_Line (Airplane_ID'Image (ID) & " cleared runway ");_NEWLINE_      end;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_      entry Wait_For_Clear_NEWLINE_ when Clear is_NEWLINE_      begin_NEWLINE_         null;      -- no need to do anything here - a task can only enter if "Clear" is true_NEWLINE_      end;_NEWLINE_   end Runway;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   task body Controller is_NEWLINE_   begin_NEWLINE_      loop_NEWLINE_         My_Runway.Wait_For_Clear;   -- wait until runway is available (blocking call)_NEWLINE_         select                      -- wait for two types of requests (whichever is runnable first)_NEWLINE_            when Request_Approach'count = 0 =>  -- guard statement - only accept if there are no tasks queuing on Request_Approach_NEWLINE_             accept Request_Takeoff (ID: in Airplane_ID; Takeoff: out Runway_Access)_NEWLINE_             do                                 -- start of synchronized part_NEWLINE_               My_Runway.Assign_Aircraft (ID);  -- reserve runway (potentially blocking call if protected object busy or entry guard false)_NEWLINE_               Takeoff := My_Runway;            -- assign "out" parameter value to tell airplane which runway_NEWLINE_             end Request_Takeoff;               -- end of the synchronised part_NEWLINE_         or_NEWLINE_            accept Request_Approach (ID: in Airplane_ID; Approach: out Runway_Access) do_NEWLINE_               My_Runway.Assign_Aircraft (ID);_NEWLINE_               Approach := My_Runway;_NEWLINE_            end Request_Approach;_NEWLINE_         or                          -- terminate if no tasks left who could call_NEWLINE_            terminate;_NEWLINE_         end select;_NEWLINE_      end loop;_NEWLINE_   end;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   task body Airplane is_NEWLINE_      Rwy : Runway_Access;_NEWLINE_   begin_NEWLINE_      Controller1.Request_Takeoff (ID, Rwy); -- This call blocks until Controller task accepts and completes the accept block_NEWLINE_      Put_Line (Airplane_ID'Image (ID) & "  taking off...");_NEWLINE_      delay 2.0;_NEWLINE_      Rwy.Cleared_Runway (ID);               -- call will not block as "Clear" in Rwy is now false and no other tasks should be inside protected object_NEWLINE_      delay 5.0; -- fly around a bit..._NEWLINE_      loop_NEWLINE_         select   -- try to request a runway_NEWLINE_            Controller1.Request_Approach (ID, Rwy); -- this is a blocking call - will run on controller reaching accept block and return on completion_NEWLINE_            exit; -- if call returned we're clear for landing - leave select block and proceed..._NEWLINE_         or_NEWLINE_            delay 3.0;  -- timeout - if no answer in 3 seconds, do something else (everything in following block)_NEWLINE_            Put_Line (Airplane_ID'Image (ID) & "   in holding pattern");  -- simply print a message_NEWLINE_         end select;_NEWLINE_      end loop;_NEWLINE_      delay 4.0;  -- do landing approach..._NEWLINE_      Put_Line (Airplane_ID'Image (ID) & "            touched down!");_NEWLINE_      Rwy.Cleared_Runway (ID);  -- notify runway that we're done here._NEWLINE_   end;_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_   New_Airplane: Airplane_Access;begin_NEWLINE_   for I in Airplane_ID'Range loop  -- create a few airplane tasks_NEWLINE_      New_Airplane := new Airplane (I); -- will start running directly after creation_NEWLINE_      delay 4.0;_NEWLINE_   end loop;end Traffic;
A pragma is a compiler directive that conveys information to the compiler to allow specific manipulation of compiled output.  Certain pragmas are built into the language, while others are implementation-specific._NEWLINE_Examples of common usage of compiler pragmas would be to disable certain features, such as run-time type checking or array subscript boundary checking, or to instruct the compiler to insert object code instead of a function call (as C/C++ does with inline functions).
Alan Orr Anderson (1879–1958) was a Scottish historian and compiler. The son of Rev. John Anderson and Ann Masson, he was born in 1879. He was educated at Royal High School, Edinburgh, and the University of Edinburgh._NEWLINE_In 1908, after five years of work sponsored by the Carnegie Trust, he published Scottish Annals from English Chroniclers, a reasonably comprehensive compilation of sources about Scottish history before 1286 written either in England or by chroniclers born in England. Fourteen years later, he was able to publish the 2-volume work entitled Early Sources of Scottish History, A.D. 500 to 1286, a similar but larger collection of sources, this time taken from non-English (mostly Gaelic) material. To a certain extent, the latter work overlapped with the compilations published by Skene's Chronicles of the Picts and Scots (Edinburgh, 1867), but both of Anderson's compilations differed from Skene's in that all were translated into English._NEWLINE_Years of reading difficult manuscripts in dull light were perhaps the cause of Anderson's failing eyesight, and for a large period of time, he relied on his graduate student (subsequently his wife) Marjorie Cunningham to do much of the readings. He died 9 December 1958._NEWLINE_Today, most scholars working in early Scottish history regard Anderson's three volumes as among their most essential scholarly possessions. As a result, much of the course of early Scottish historiography was set by what Anderson chose to publish or chose not to publish. In 1990 and 1991, the compilations were reissued by the Stamford-based organisation Paul Watkins Publishing.
In the fall of 1941, the 2nd American Volunteer Group was equipped with 33 Lockheed Hudson (A-28) and 33 Douglas DB-7 (A-20) bombers originally built for Britain but acquired by the U.S. Army as part of the Lend-Lease program passed earlier in the year. The Central Aircraft Manufacturing Company, fronting for the Chinese and American governments, recruited 82 pilots and 359 ground crew from the U.S. Army in the fall of 1941 and an undetermined number, including one pilot, sailed for Asia aboard Noordam and Bloemfontein of the Java-Pacific line. Other pilots reported to San Francisco and were scheduled to depart aboard the Lockheed Hudsons on 10 December. The Douglas DB-7s were to have gone by freighter to Africa, to be assembled and ferried to China but the attack on Pearl Harbor caused the program to be aborted. The vessels at sea were diverted to Australia, the aircraft were taken back into American service and most of the personnel rejoined the military, either in Australia or in the U.S.
The hunks in an Amiga executable file could exist in various types. There are 32-bit hunks, 16-bit hunks, and even some 8-bit hunks._NEWLINE_Types of hunks were standardized in AmigaOS, and well documented in The AmigaDOS Manual edited by Commodore to explain to programmers how to code on the Amiga, during the years in which Commodore manufactured Amiga computers. Their structure was officially codified and could be changed only by a Commodore committee, which then communicated the modifications to the developers for new releases of the Amiga operating system._NEWLINE_The structure of an Amiga hunk is very simple: There is a header at the beginning of the hunk indicating that that kind of "portion of code" is a known and valid Amiga hunk type, then follows an ID which indicates the length of the hunk itself, and at the bottom is the segment of the hunk which contains the real code or data.
Amiga executable files can be launched either from the graphical shell of the Amiga, the Workbench or from the Amiga's command line interpreter (called CLI, later AmigaShell)._NEWLINE_No particular filename extension is required for Amiga executable files. For example, the calculator applet "Calculator" can be renamed to "Calculator.com", "Calculator.exe", "Calculator.bin", or even "Calculator.jpeg". These are all valid names for programs or tools, because AmigaOS does not differentiate between filename extensions._NEWLINE_AmigaOS adopted another method to recognize it is dealing with a valid executable. There is a particular sequence of bytes in the file header, yielding the hexadecimal value $000003f3. This sequence, which signifies an executable file and lets it be self-running, is called a magic cookie (from the magic cookies in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll)._NEWLINE_This kind of solution to identify executables on the Amiga was taken from similar solutions which were adopted by UNIX/Unix-like operating systems, where magic cookies are called magic numbers.
A brief view of the bitmap icons contained into ".info" metadata files:_NEWLINE_The icons are RAW bitmap data contained in ".info" files and are not standard Amiga IFF/LBM files. The users can deal with icons by using the AmigaOS standard program "IconEdit", present in the operating system since its early versions. Starting from AmigaOS version 2.0, IconEdit could import and save normal IFF/LBM files used as standard graphics files in AmigaOS._NEWLINE_Some Amiga programs like Personal Paint from Cloanto are able to view, load and save bitmap data as normal Amiga Icons or as Amiga ".info" files already existing._NEWLINE_Legacy Amiga Icons can have two-state icons, using two different bitmap images. The first bitmap contains the data of the "quiet" icon, also known as the "quiet state" of the icon. The second bitmap image contains data of the "selected" state of the icon. When the user clicks on an icon and activates it, then the quiet icon bitmap data is suddenly replaced by the selected icon bitmap data. Such behaviour gives the Amiga icons the effect of moving cartoons. In case this second bitmap does not exist in the ".info" file (it is not mandatory to create both bitmaps), then an inverse color effect is used when the icon is selected._NEWLINE_Third-party icon "engines" exist, which try to keep the look of AmigaOS up to date with modern standards of other Operating Systems. These programs patch the OS routines dedicated to icon handling, replacing them with custom ones. One of such attempts, NewIcons, has become almost the new de facto standard for AmigaOS 3.x. It was so popular that the new icon system used in AmigaOS 3.5 and above, GlowIcons, is based on its icon file format._NEWLINE_All modern Amiga-like operating systems (AmigaOS 4, MorphOS and AROS) could associate either RAW bitmap data, IFF/LBM files or also PNG files as standard internal bitmap image of any icon.
Director S. Balachander watched Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon (1950) at a film festival, was inspired by it, and wrote a play in the same narrative style, but the script was rejected by All India Radio. He later approached A. V. Meiyappan, the founder of AVM Productions, and narrated the story for him. Although Meiyappan agreed to produce it as the film that would later be titled Andha Naal, he was unconvinced with Balachander's idea of making it without songs or stunts; however, he agreed to finance the project because he liked the story and trusted Balachander's talent. Andha Naal thus became the first Tamil film that did not have any songs or dance sequences, and was the only film directed by Balachander for AVM Productions._NEWLINE_The role of the radio engineer Rajan was initially given to S. V. Sahasranamam, who was dismissed after a few days of shooting because Balachander and Meiyappan were not satisfied with his performance and felt he looked "too old" to play the role. The makers then engaged newcomer N. Viswanathan, a Tamilian professor from Calcutta (now Kolkata). When the production was halfway through, Meiyappan was dissatisfied with his performance and wanted to reshoot the film with Sivaji Ganesan. When Balachander refused Meiyappan ordered the production controller Vasu Menon to settle Balachander's salary dues and to bring the reels to be burnt before him. Balachander was shocked on hearing this and obliged to Meiyappan's wish. Since Meiyappan had introduced Ganesan in Parasakthi (1952), he was very keen to have him play the lead role. Initially, Balachander was hesitant to approach Ganesan because he was unsure whether he would agree to play a negative role. In his autobiography, Ganesan said the film was almost completed before he was approached. He agreed to be part of the film because he found the story interesting and thought that portraying a variety of characters would interest the audience. In 2009, film historian Film News Anandan suggested that the success of Thirumbi Paar (1953), which featured Ganesan as an antihero, encouraged him to play a similar role in Andha Naal. According to film historian Randor Guy, Rajan was one of the earliest antihero roles in Tamil cinema._NEWLINE_Ganesan initially demanded a sum of ₹40,000 (equivalent to ₹3.0 million or US$44,000 in 2018) for the film, which Meiyappan could not afford to pay. He offered to pay him ₹25,000 (equivalent to ₹1.9 million or US$27,000 in 2018), which Ganesan declined. Balachander, however, convinced Ganesan that Meiyappan would pay him ₹1,000 (equivalent to ₹76,000 or US$1,100 in 2018) for every day they shot the film. A reluctant Ganesan agreed to this, believing the project would take a long time to complete. But to his dismay, Balachander completed the shoot in 17 days. The screenplay was written by Javar Seetharaman, who also appeared in the film as a C.I.D. officer, and provided the voiceover in the opening sequence before Rajan is shot. It was Seetharaman's first collaboration with AVM Productions as an actor and screenwriter. Pandari Bai was selected to play Rajan's wife, while P. D. Sambandam, T. K. Balachandran, Menaka and Suryakala formed the rest of the cast._NEWLINE_V. Srinivasan – who later became popularly known as Muktha Srinivasan – assisted Balachander with the film. Cinematography was handled by S. Maruti Rao, and editing was done by S. Surya. The background score was recorded by Saraswathy Stores Orchestra, AVM Productions' music troupe. Two Hindi songs are used in the film in instrumental form: "Yeh Zindagi Usi Ki Hai" from Anarkali (1953) and "Chup Chup Khade Ho" from Bari Behen (1949). No credit for the story is given in the introductory credits. Andha Naal's photography was markedly different from most early Tamil films. Rao used the "painting with light" technique, which captures the actors' shadows to convey their "mood and character". Its final cut was shorter than most contemporaneous Tamil films.
Andriana refers to both the noble class and a title of nobility in Madagascar. Historically, many Malagasy ethnic groups lived in highly stratified caste-based social orders in which the andriana were the highest strata. They were above the Hova (free commoner castes) and Andevo (slaves). The Andriana and the Hova were a part of Fotsy, while the Andevo were Mainty in local terminology._NEWLINE_The Andriana strata originally constituted the nobility, warrior, and land owning class of the Merina society. They were endogamous and their privileges were institutionally preserved. While the term and concept of Andriana is studied with the Merina people of Madagascar, the term is not limited to them. The use of the word "Andriana" to denote nobility occurs among numerous other Malagasy ethnic groups such as the Betsileo, the Betsimisaraka, the Tsimihety, the Bezanozano, the Antambahoaka and the Antemoro.  Andriana often traditionally formed part of the names of Malagasy kings, princes, and nobles. Linguistic evidence suggests its origin is traceable back to an ancient Javanese nobility title, although alternate theories have been proposed.
According to K.A. Adelaar, the Malagasy title "andriana" probably originated from the ancient Java-Indonesian nobility title Rahadyan (Ra-hady-an), "hady" meaning "Lord" or "Master." In Malagasy the term became Rohandryan and later Roandriana, mainly used in the Southeastern part of the island among the Zafiraminia, Antemoro and Antambahoaka ethnic groups. In the central Highlands among the Merina, Betsileo, Bezanozano, and Sihanaka, the term became Randryan and later Randriana or simply andriana._NEWLINE_Other proposed etymology for Andriana includes the root Handrina which means "head or forehead" in Malagasy._NEWLINE_In Madagascar, the name of a Malagasy sovereign, prince or nobleman was often historically composed by placing "Andriana" as a prefix to the remainder of the name.  For example, the name of Merina king Andrianampoinimerina is a composite of "Andriana" and "Nampoinimerina", while that of the celebrated Sakalava warrior Andriamisara is formed from "Andriana" and "Misara"._NEWLINE_In Madagascar today, names beginning with the "Andria" prefix are common.  However, unlike in Western cultures where children automatically inherit the family name of a parent, Malagasy parents are free to choose their child's first and last name as they please.  Following the end of the monarchy in Imerina, many parents have chosen to give their children names including the "Andriana" prefix, despite lacking any family connection to the former aristocracy.
In book publishing, an anthology is a collection of literary works chosen by the compiler; it may be a collection of plays, poems, short stories, songs or excerpts by different authors. In genre fiction, the term "anthology" typically categorizes collections of shorter works such as short stories and short novels, by different authors, each featuring unrelated casts of characters and settings, and usually collected into a single volume for publication._NEWLINE_Complete collections of works are often called "complete works" or "opera omnia" (Latin language equivalent).
The original operating system was Apollo's own product called Aegis, which was later renamed to Domain/OS. The Aegis and Domain/OS system offered advanced features for the time, for example an object oriented filesystem, network transparency, diskless booting, a graphical user interface and, in Domain/OS, interoperability with BSD, System V and POSIX.
Although Apollo systems were easy to use and administer, they became less cost-effective because the proprietary operating system made software more expensive than Unix software. The 68K processors were slower than the new RISC chips from Sun and Hewlett-Packard. Apollo addressed both problems by introducing the RISC-based DN10000 and Unix-friendly Domain/OS operating system. However, the DN10000, though fast, was extremely expensive, and a reliable version of Domain/OS came too late to make a difference. The increased speed and falling price of PCs ensured the obsolescence of high end systems such as Apollo workstations.
The book uses the characteristic absurdist humour similar to Monty Python and relies on the use of non-sequitur, parody, anarchic humour, juvenile references to bodily functions and black comedy-style descriptions of gory violence for comedic effect. A fictional character, Dr. Bert Fegg, is presented as the author of the book. His bloodthirsty, psychopathic character is depicted in constant conflict with the publishers, as they attempt to raise the moral tone of the book and censor violent content._NEWLINE_The exchange between author and publishers is presented through textual interjections such as "That's enough – the Publishers", in the style often used in the satirical magazine Private Eye. Dr. Fegg's angry comments are scrawled handwriting printed on the pages._NEWLINE_Recurring jokes throughout the book include a number of parody advertisements for exotic household gadgets, appearances by the sinister West Bromley Fighting Haddock, and passing references to "the Bournemouth Killings".
Python writers Terry Jones and Michael Palin wrote the content, with artwork provided by several British illustrators. Contributors to the book include British comics artist Frank Bellamy (A Cowboy Story), cartoonists Martin Honeysett and Lolly Honeysett, and Paul Buckle, an illustrator who worked on a number of instructional football skills books in the 1970s.
binfmt_misc allows Java programs to be passed directly to the Java virtual machine._NEWLINE_Another common usage is to execute PE executables (compiled for MS-DOS or Microsoft Windows) through Wine. For example, the following line will run DOS and Windows EXE files (identified by the "MZ" type code) using Wine:_NEWLINE_:DOSWin:M::MZ::/usr/bin/wine:_NEWLINE_To run EXE (.NET) files with Mono::CLR:M::MZ::/usr/bin/mono:_NEWLINE_binfmt_misc can also be combined with QEMU to execute programs for other processor architectures as if they were native binaries._NEWLINE_binfmt_misc can be used for Go as a scripting language.
To use Cascading, Apache Hadoop must also be installed, and the Hadoop job .jar must contain the Cascading .jars. Cascading consists of a data processing API, integration API, process planner and process scheduler._NEWLINE_Cascading leverages the scalability of Hadoop but abstracts standard data processing operations away from underlying map and reduce tasks.  Developers use Cascading to create a .jar file that describes the required processes. It follows a ‘source-pipe-sink’ paradigm, where data is captured from sources, follows reusable ‘pipes’ that perform data analysis processes, where the results are stored in output files or ‘sinks’. Pipes are created independent from the data they will process. Once tied to data sources and sinks, it is called a ‘flow’. These flows can be grouped into a ‘cascade’, and the process scheduler will ensure a given flow does not execute until all its dependencies are satisfied. Pipes and flows can be reused and reordered to support different business needs._NEWLINE_Developers write the code in a JVM-based language and do not need to learn MapReduce. The resulting program can be regression tested and integrated with external applications like any other Java application._NEWLINE_Cascading is most often used for ad targeting, log file analysis, bioinformatics, machine learning, predictive analytics, web content mining, and extract, transform and load (ETL) applications.
Clark High School currently offers 3 AP courses: AP Human Geography, AP World History, and AP European History. Additionally, starting in the 2017-2018 school year, Clark will also offer AP Fundamentals of Computer Science. Students may also take AP Statistics at Plano Senior High School if they have completed all prior math courses. If there are enough students registered for the course, Clark High School will offer AP Calculus AB or BC; otherwise, students may take the course at Plano Senior High School. Clark also offers a variety of honors, regulars, and extracurricular courses along with many sports. Students with stellar athletic ability may choose to compete with the Plano Senior High School teams instead of with Clark.
As an academic discipline, CI can be seen as a field of practice in applied information and communications technology. Community informatics is a technique for looking at economic and social development within the construct of technology—online health communities, social networking websites, cultural awareness and enhancement through online connections and networks, electronic commerce, information exchanges, as well as a myriad of other aspects that contributes to creating a personal and group identity.  The term was brought to prominence by Michael Gurstein.  Michael Gurstein says that community informatics is a technology strategy or discipline that connects at the community level economic and social development with the emergence of community and civic networks, electronic commerce, online participation, self-help, virtual health communities, "Tele-centres", as well as other types of online institutions and corporations.  He brought out the first representative collection of academic papers, although others, such as Brian Loader and his colleagues at the University of Teesside used the term in the mid-1990s._NEWLINE_CI brings together the practices of community development and organization, and insights from fields such as sociology, planning, computer science, critical theory,  women's studies, library and information sciences, management information systems, and management studies. Its outcomes—community networks and community-based ICT-enabled service applications—are of increasing interest to grassroots organizations, NGOs and civil society, governments, the private sector, and multilateral agencies among others. Self-organized community initiatives of all varieties, from different countries, are concerned with ways to harness ICT for social capital, poverty alleviation and for the empowerment of the "local" in relation to its larger economic, political and social environments. Some claim it is potentially a form of 'radical practice'._NEWLINE_Community informatics may in fact, not gel as a single field within the academy, but remain a convenient locale for interdisciplinary activity, drawing upon many fields of social practice and endeavour, as well as knowledge of community applications of technology. However, one can begin to see the emergence of a postmodern "trans-discipline" presenting a challenge to existing disciplinary "stove-pipes" from the perspectives of the rapidly evolving fields of technology practice, technology change, public policy and commercial interest. Whether or not such a "trans-discipline" can maintain its momentum remains to be seen given the incertitude about the boundaries of such disciplines as community development._NEWLINE_Furthermore, there is a continuing disconnect between those coming from an Information Science perspective for whom social theories, including general theories of organisation are unfamiliar or seemingly irrelevant to solving complex 'technical' problems, and those whose focus is upon the theoretical and practical issues around working with communities for democratic and social change_NEWLINE_Given that many of those most actively involved in early efforts were academics, it is only inevitable that a process of "sense-making" with respect to these efforts would follow from "tool-making" efforts. These academics, and some community activists connected globally through the medium._NEWLINE_A first formal meeting of researchers with an academic interest in these initiatives was held in conjunction with the 1999 Global Community Networking Conference in Buenos Aires, Argentina. This meeting began the process of linking community-based ICT initiatives in developed countries with initiatives undertaken in developing countries, which were often part of larger economic and social development programmes funded by agencies such as the UN Development Programme, World Bank, or the International Development Research Centre. Academics and researchers interested in ICT efforts in developed countries began to see common and overlapping interests with those interested in similar work in less developed countries.  For example, the issue of sustainability as a technical, cultural, and economic problem for community informatics has resulted in a special issue of the Journal of Community Informatics  as well as the subject of ongoing conferences in Prato, Italy and other conferences in South Africa._NEWLINE_In Canada, the beginnings of CI can be recognized from various trials in community networking in the 1970s (Clement 1981). An essential development occurred in the 1990s, due to the change of cost of computers and modems. Moreover, examples of using computer networking to initiate and enhance social activities was acknowledged by women's groups (Balka 1992) and by the labor movement (Mazepa 1997).
Component Library for Cross Platform (CLX) (pronounced clicks), is a cross-platform visual component-based framework for developing Microsoft Windows and Linux applications. It is developed by Borland for use in its Kylix, Delphi, and C++ Builder software development environment._NEWLINE_Its aim was to replace the popular Microsoft Foundation Classes with Visual Component Library. CLX was based on Qt by Nokia. The API of CLX almost completely followed VCL. It was envisioned that existing applications using VCL would be recompiled with CLX._NEWLINE_However, due to lacklustre performance on Windows, subtle differences from VCL, and bugs, it didn't become the expected successor to VCL. Commercial failure of Kylix stopped further development of CLX._NEWLINE_In terms of object-oriented approach, CLX forms an object hierarchy where the TObject class serves as the base class. All other classes inherit or indirectly inherit the TObject class._NEWLINE_Today, many concepts that were defined with CLX have been implemented with the Lazarus Component Library (LCL) for the Lazarus IDE. By docking to different widgetsets, the LCL is able to support an even larger spectrum of platforms including Mac OS X and Android.
Cryptographic splitting utilizes a combination of different algorithms to provide the data protection. A block of data is first encrypted using the AES-256 government encryption standard.  The encrypted bits are then split into different shares and then each share is hashed using the National Security Agency's SHA-256 algorithm.
Daniel Joseph Ricciardo was born on 1 July 1989 in Perth, Western Australia, and is the son of Grace and Giuseppe "Joe" Ricciardo. He is of Italian descent; his father was born in Ficarra but moved to Australia when he was seven, while his mother was born in Australia to parents from Calabria. Ricciardo has a sister named Michelle. Ricciardo resides in Monaco, but also owns a property in Los Angeles._NEWLINE_Growing up in Duncraig, one of Perth's northern suburbs, Ricciardo's earliest memories of motorsports are of being held by his mother to watch his father race at the nearby Barbagallo Raceway in Wanneroo. _NEWLINE_Ricciardo pronounces his name "Ricardo" instead of the Italian pronunciation "Rit-chi-ardo", saying that is how his family pronounces it. He has been nicknamed "the honey badger". When asked why, he said, "It's supposed to be the most fearless animal in the animal kingdom. When you look at it, he seems quite cute and cuddly, but as soon as someone crosses his territory in a way he doesn't like, he turns into a bit of a savage and he'll go after anything – tigers, pythons – he turns very quickly, but he's a good guy." He wears an image of a honey badger on the back of his helmet._NEWLINE_Ricciardo supports the AFL's West Coast Eagles, and was the club's number-one ticket holder in 2015 and 2016.
Barron began his academic career in Cambridge University where he took a PhD in the Cavendish Laboratory. His research involved very early work in computer applications and he was a user of the original EDSAC computer, the world's first stored-program electronic computer to go into general service._NEWLINE_After his PhD he joined the Cambridge Mathematical Laboratory and contributed to the development of the EDSAC 2 computer. In the early 1960s, he was leader of software development in the Titan project, a joint effort with Ferranti Ltd to develop a reduced version of the Atlas computer. In this role he led the Cambridge efforts to develop the Titan Supervisor (a multi-programming operating system) and CPL (Combined Programming Language). The Titan Supervisor led in due course to the Cambridge Multiple-Access System which provided a pioneering time-sharing service to a large user community in Cambridge and was also later employed in the Cambridge-based Computer Aided Design Centre. The CPL project broke new ground in language design and application generality, and the resulting defining paper was written by the original development team. CPL was notable for leading to BCPL and hence B and then C programming language._NEWLINE_Barron left Cambridge in 1967 to take up a chair of computer science at the University of Southampton where he remained until his retirement in 2000. As a computer scientist, he contributed to many fields as computer science developed into a discipline of its own. At Southampton he continued his almost unique abilities in writing and lecturing. In 2009, on the 60th anniversary of the completion of the Cambridge EDSAC computer, he delivered a seminal lecture on what was involved in programming this pioneering machine in the 1950s._NEWLINE_He was one of the founding editors of Software - Practice and Experience|, and served as the editor from 1971 for over 30 years._NEWLINE_Barron is the author of many texts that explained the emerging subject to generations of students and researchers._NEWLINE_With others he published, in 1967, the manual for Titan Autocode programming._NEWLINE_In subsequent years Barron wrote texts on_NEWLINE_Recursive Programming (1968),_NEWLINE_Assemblers and Loaders (1969),_NEWLINE_Operating Systems (1971 and 1984),_NEWLINE_Programming Languages (1977),_NEWLINE_Pascal Implementation (1981), Advanced Programming (1984),_NEWLINE_Text Processing and Typesetting (1987) and_NEWLINE_Scripting Languages (2000)._NEWLINE_On his personal web page Barron modestly described himself as "old-fashioned scholar, relic of the past".
Van Hogendorp the brother of Gijsbert Karel van Hogendorp, in their youth both trained as soldiers in Prussia (1773–1783). Van Hogendorp joined the navy and was stationed in the Dutch Indies. In 1786 he became the resident assistant in Bengal and later resident on Java. He sharply criticized VOC rule on Java for its 'feudal' exactions from the population. He proposed extensive changes to the structure of government and finance on Java, including property rights for the Javanese, transforming the 'bupati' into a salaried bureaucracy, and reforming the taxation system, many of which foreshadowed the ideas of Daendels and Raffles. In 1798 he was jailed for these views by the conservative commissioner-general S.C. Nederburgh but in 1799 escaped on a Danish ship to the Netherlands where he continued his campaign in a series of polemic brochures, in 1803 joining a committee ordered to dismantle the Dutch East India Company.
Van Hogendorp is most known for a critique of colonial government in the Dutch Indies which drew on the ideas of French liberalism then in vogue. This report, commonly known as the 'Bericht' ('Bericht van den Tegenwoordigen Toestand der Bataafsche Bezittingen in Oost-Indië', or 'Report on the Present State of the Batavian Possessions in the East Indie'), was published in 1799 after van Hogendorp had spent some 15 years as a navy officer and an administrator in the colony. During that time, he had developed ideas considered troublesome to the authorities and was arrested on account of them. He drafted the 'bericht' while on the ship that brought him back the Netherlands after his escape from colonial custody._NEWLINE_The 'Bericht' argued for significant reforms of the regent system in place in Dutch Java, opposed slavery, and called for a more liberal system of government. The previous system was essentially feudal, in which indigenous regents or lords were supported by the Dutch in return for tributes. Pointing to British successes in India, van Hogendorp suggested that by redistributing land to the common Javanese 'serf', there would be much more individual incentive to work and thus increased productivity, making the colony more profitable. Under van Hogendorp's plan, the Javanese would be encouraged to plant rice as well as coffee and pepper on drier lands, the Europeans would able to purchase or lease waste lands, and the Chinese would be allowed to lease lands under the condition that no estates were to be farmed out to them. Furthermore, forced labor would give way to fair wages for laborers, and trade for Dutchmen would be completely open except in the case of the spice and China trades._NEWLINE_The report, which bears some similar ideas to the ideas of Abbé Raynal, was rejected by imperial officials who believed it to radical, and who realized that the Dutch depended on the very indigenous rulers that the plan would essentially undermine. Furthermore, the Dutch held firm to the belief that the colonies exist to serve the Netherlands, not the other way around, and rejected any alternatives that would give more rights to either the natives or traders from other nations. However, the report was influential enough that van Hogendorp was able to attain a seat on the council for drafting a plan to rule Java during the reign of governor Daendels, even though Daendels beat van Hogendorp to the appointment as the governor-general of Java, on large account of both the 'bericht' and the state of war the nation found itself in. Additionally, the report later influenced the administrative policies of Sir Stamford Raffles after the British takeover of Java, probably through his contemporary and great friend Herman Muntinghe.
EBCDIC was devised in 1963 and 1964 by IBM and was announced with the release of the IBM System/360 line of mainframe computers. It is an eight-bit character encoding, developed separately from the seven-bit ASCII encoding scheme. It was created to extend the existing Binary-Coded Decimal (BCD) Interchange Code, or BCDIC, which itself was devised as an efficient means of encoding the two zone and number punches on punched cards into six bits. The distinct encoding of 's' and 'S' (using position 2 instead of 1) was maintained from punched cards where it was desirable not to have hole punches too close to each other to ensure the integrity of the physical card._NEWLINE_While IBM was a chief proponent of the ASCII standardization committee, the company did not have time to prepare ASCII peripherals (such as card punch machines) to ship with its System/360 computers, so the company settled on EBCDIC. The System/360 became wildly successful, together with clones such as RCA Spectra 70, ICL System 4, and Fujitsu FACOM, thus so did EBCDIC._NEWLINE_All IBM mainframe and midrange peripherals and operating systems use EBCDIC as their inherent encoding (with toleration for ASCII, for example, ISPF in z/OS can browse and edit both EBCDIC and ASCII encoded files). Software and many hardware peripherals can translate to and from encodings, and modern mainframes (such as IBM zSeries) include processor instructions, at the hardware level, to accelerate translation between character sets._NEWLINE_There is an EBCDIC-oriented Unicode Transformation Format called UTF-EBCDIC proposed by the Unicode consortium, designed to allow easy updating of EBCDIC software to handle Unicode, but not intended to be used in open interchange environments. Even on systems with extensive EBCDIC support, it has not been popular. For example, z/OS supports Unicode (preferring UTF-16 specifically), but z/OS only has limited support for UTF-EBCDIC._NEWLINE_IBM AIX running on the RS/6000 and its descendants including the IBM Power Systems, Linux running on z Systems, and operating systems running on the IBM PC and its descendants use ASCII, as did AIX/370 and AIX/390 running on System/370 and System/390 mainframes.
Engstrom was prominent in a number of educational, professional, and civic organizations.  He was active in the Princeton chapters of the American Red Cross, Sigma Xi, the Rotary Club and the YMCA-YWCA.  He was also a member of Westerly Road Church where he served many years as the president of the board of trustees._NEWLINE_Engstrom was an active Christian leader, writing for Campus Crusade for Christ:_NEWLINE_There is one fundamental concept I have learned very clearly from my business experience.  There is a need for a definite and clearly understood charter for one's operations.  Having established that charter, there is need for complete belief in it and in the program which it provides.  In the Christian life the Bible is our charter. It is the supreme authority for our lives and it is sufficient for our needs. I believe it is a requirement of paramount importance that Christ be the Lord of our whole life, and that our allegiance to Him be in no way divisible._NEWLINE_The Department of Engineering and Computer Science at Cedarville University is named in his honor.
The algorithm of emergent resuscitation in the setting of severe sepsis and/or septic shock has been formally conceptualized by Emanuel Rivers in a landmark paper in November 2001  using early goal directed therapy (EGDT) in the emergency department. EGDT has been used and validated for years in the intensive care unit, but Rivers's paper expanded the idea to incorporate all those initially presenting to the ED with signs of severe sepsis or septic shock. Many hospitals across the United States such as Kaiser and Catholic Health Care West have rapidly incorporated the protocol developed by Rivers in their ED treatment algorithms, as well as use it as a quality improvement data point. EGDT has also been cited by the Joint Commission of Hospital Accreditation as a quality improvement initiative for the last two years.
Eulis Atjih was produced by Java Film Co., which had made the first film in the Dutch East Indies, Loetoeng Kasaroeng, in 1926. The earlier film had left Java Film Coy in a poor financial after it underperformed; as such, for Eulis Atjih the company had to find financial backers. The film was directed by G. Krugers and based on the novel by Joehana. The film featured native Indonesian actors, including Arsad and Soekria. It was a black and white, silent film._NEWLINE_Eulis Atjih was the second film to include native Indonesians in its cast, and the second feature film produced in the country. The native role was emphasised in the film's promotion; a poster for a screening at the Orient Theatre in Surabaya, for example, wrote that the film's native cast was equal to any American or European one. Of note is the film's use of the word "Indonesia", which was not to be formalised as a preferred term for the archipelago until the Youth Pledge in 1928.
Eulis Atjih was released in 1927, being screened in Bandung in August and in Surabaya in September. It was a critical and commercial success in the country, especially among the ethnic Chinese community; the newspaper Pewarta Soerabaja wrote that the actress who played Eulis was "beautiful when her life was carefree, but looked like a villager when she fell poor." In Surabaya, the film was accompanied by music from the keroncong group under Tuan Kayoon._NEWLINE_For international release, the Java Film Co. and Krugers emphasised the ethnographic aspects of the film. It was shown in Singapore, but was a commercial failure.
In computing, the exclamation mark (sometimes called a "bang") corresponds to ASCII character 33 (21 in hexadecimal). It is therefore found in Unicode at U+0021 ! EXCLAMATION MARK. The inverted exclamation mark is found in ISO-8859-1, 9 and 15 at position 161 (A1HEX) and in Unicode at U+00A1 ¡ INVERTED EXCLAMATION MARK._NEWLINE_The name given to "!" by programmers varies according to their background. In the UK the term pling was popular in the earlier days of computing, whilst in the United States, the term shriek was used. It is claimed that these word usages were invented in the US and shriek is from Stanford or MIT; however, shriek for the ! sign is found in the Oxford English Dictionary dating from the 1860s._NEWLINE_Several computer languages use "!" for various meanings, most importantly for logical negation; e.g. A != B means "A is not equal to B", and !A means "the logical negation of A" (also called "not A"). In the UK, BBC BASIC used pling as an indirection operator, equivalent to PEEK and POKE of four bytes at once._NEWLINE_In APL, ! is used for factorial as in mathematics (but like all APL functions, preceding its argument) and also for the binomial coefficient, , written as k!n._NEWLINE_BCPL, the precursor of C, used "!" for pointer and array indirection: "!P" was equivalent to C's "*P" and "P!3" is equivalent to "P[3]" in C._NEWLINE_Plings are also used in Acorn RISC OS to denote an application directory: a folder that when double-clicked executes a program file inside called !Run. Other files in the appfolder generally contain resources the application needs to run. The appfolder can be viewed as a normal folder by double-clicking with the shift key held down. In addition, other special resource files such as !Boot (executed the first time the application containing it comes into view of the filer), !Sprites (an icon file containing icon definitions loaded if !Boot cannot be found) and !Help (a text, HTML or other executable file listed in the filer menu for the application) also start with a pling._NEWLINE_Early e-mail systems also used the exclamation mark as a separator character between hostnames for routing information, usually referred to as "bang path" notation._NEWLINE_In the IRC protocol, a user's nickname and ident are separated by an exclamation mark in the hostmask assigned to him or her by the server._NEWLINE_In the Geek Code version 3, "!" is used before a letter to denote that the geek refuses to participate in the topic at hand. In some cases, it has an alternate meaning, such as G! denoting a geek of no qualifications, !d denoting not wearing any clothes, P! denoting not being allowed to use Perl, and so on. They all share some negative connotations, however._NEWLINE_When computer programs display messages that alert the user, an exclamation mark may be shown alongside it to indicate that the message is important and should be read. This often happens when an error is made, or to obtain user consent for hazardous operations such as deleting data._NEWLINE_In UNIX scripting (typically for UNIX shell or Perl), "!" is usually used after a "#" in the first line of a script, the interpreter directive, to tell the OS what program to use to run the script.  The "#!" is usually called a "hash-bang" or shebang. A similar convention for PostScript files calls for the first line to begin with "%!", called "percent-bang"._NEWLINE_An exclamation mark starts history expansions in many Unix shells such as bash and tcsh where !! executes the previous command and !* refers to all of the arguments from the previous command._NEWLINE_In the ML programming language (including Standard ML and OCaml), "!" is the operator to get the value out of a "reference" data structure._NEWLINE_In the Haskell programming language, "!" is used to express strictness._NEWLINE_In the Scheme, Julia, and Ruby programming languages, "!" is conventionally the suffix for functions and special forms that mutate their input._NEWLINE_In the Swift programming language, a type followed by "!" denotes an "implicitly unwrapped optional", an option type where the compiler does not enforce safe unwrapping. The "!" operator "force unwraps" an option type, causing an error if it is nil._NEWLINE_In the Perl 6 programming language, the "!" twigil is used to access private attributes or methods in a class (like class Person { has $!name; } or self!private-method;).
Doshi-Velez uses big data for medical applications, including diagnosis of disease. She joined Harvard University in 2014. Medical doctors make diagnoses based on the symptoms experienced by their patients. Clinical data can be combined with latent variable models to make predictions about hidden diseases. Doshi-Velez has continued to use Bayesian nonparametric statistics to model latent variables. She develops data-based phenotypes for autism spectrum disorder, irritable bowel syndrome and type 2 diabetes. Using cluster analysis, Doshi-Velez identified that certain people with autism spectrum disorder, a subgroup, would be more susceptible for major psychiatric disorders. She is interested in personalised medicine for patients suffering with HIV and depression. Doshi-Velez is interested in making her algorithms interpretable to physicians._NEWLINE_Doshi-Velez has delivered many popular science talks, including two TED Talks The Possibility of Explanation and AI for Understanding Disease. She spoke about accountability in artificial intelligence at Google n 2017.
The goal of any absorption spectroscopy (FTIR, ultraviolet-visible ("UV-Vis") spectroscopy, etc.) is to measure how much light a sample absorbs at each wavelength. The most straightforward way to do this, the "dispersive spectroscopy" technique, is to shine a monochromatic light beam at a sample, measure how much of the light is absorbed, and repeat for each different wavelength. (This is how some UV–vis spectrometers work, for example.)_NEWLINE_Fourier-transform spectroscopy is a less intuitive way to obtain the same information. Rather than shining a monochromatic beam of light (a beam composed of only a single wavelength) at the sample, this technique shines a beam containing many frequencies of light at once and measures how much of that beam is absorbed by the sample. Next, the beam is modified to contain a different combination of frequencies, giving a second data point. This process is rapidly repeated many times over a short timespan. Afterwards, a computer takes all this data and works backward to infer what the absorption is at each wavelength._NEWLINE_The beam described above is generated by starting with a broadband light source—one containing the full spectrum of wavelengths to be measured. The light shines into a Michelson interferometer—a certain configuration of mirrors, one of which is moved by a motor. As this mirror moves, each wavelength of light in the beam is periodically blocked, transmitted, blocked, transmitted, by the interferometer, due to wave interference. Different wavelengths are modulated at different rates, so that at each moment the beam coming out of the interferometer has a different spectrum._NEWLINE_As mentioned, computer processing is required to turn the raw data (light absorption for each mirror position) into the desired result (light absorption for each wavelength). The processing required turns out to be a common algorithm called the Fourier transform. The Fourier transform converts one domain (in this case displacement of the mirror in cm) into its inverse domain (wavenumbers in cm⁻¹). The raw data is called an "interferogram".
Nvidia described the Fermi (microarchitecture) as the next major step in its line of GPUs following the Tesla (microarchitecture) used since the G80. The GF100, the first Fermi-architecture product, is large: 512 stream processors, in sixteen groups of 32, and 3.0 billion transistors, manufactured by TSMC in a 40 nm process. It is Nvidia's first chip to support OpenGL 4.0 and Direct3D 11. No products with a fully enabled GF100 GPU were ever sold. The GTX 480 had one streaming multiprocessor disabled. The GTX 470 had two streaming multiprocessors and one memory controller disabled. The GTX 465 had five streaming multiprocessors and two memory controllers disabled. Consumer GeForce cards came with 256MB attached to each of the enabled GDDR5 memory controllers, for a total of 1.5, 1.25 or 1.0GB; the Tesla C2050 had 512MB on each of six controllers, and the Tesla C2070 had 1024MB per controller. Both the Tesla cards had fourteen active groups of stream processors._NEWLINE_The chips found in the high performance Tesla branding feature memory with optional ECC and the ability to perform one double-precision floating-point operation per cycle per core; the consumer GeForce cards are artificially driver restricted to one DP operation per four cycles. With these features, combined with support for Visual Studio and C++, Nvidia targeted professional and commercial markets, as well as use in high performance computing. _NEWLINE_Fermi is named after Italian physicist Enrico Fermi.
On September 30, 2009, Nvidia released a white paper describing the architecture: the chip features 16 'Streaming Multiprocessors' each with 32 'CUDA Cores' capable of one single-precision operation per cycle or one double-precision operation every other cycle, a 40-bit virtual address space which allows the host's memory to be mapped into the chip's address space, meaning that there is only one kind of pointer and making C++ support significantly easier, and a 384-bit wide GDDR5 memory interface. As with the G80 and GT200, threads are scheduled in 'warps', sets of 32 threads each running on a single shader core. While the GT200 had 16 KB 'shared memory' associated with each shader cluster, and required data to be read through the texturing units if a cache was needed, GF100 has 64 KB of memory associated with each cluster, which can be used either as a 48 KB cache plus 16 KB of shared memory, or as a 16 KB cache plus 48 KB of shared memory, along with a 768 KB L2 cache shared by all 16 clusters._NEWLINE_The white paper describes the chip much more as a general purpose processor for workloads encompassing tens of thousands of threads - reminiscent of the Tera MTA architecture, though without that machine's support for very efficient random memory access - than as a graphics processor.
Concerns have been raised by various sources regarding the intrusion of privacy, and the etiquette and ethics of using the device in public and recording people without their permission. Google co-founder, Sergey Brin, claims that Glass could be seen as a way to become even more isolated in public, but the intent was quite the opposite: Brin views checking social media as a constant "nervous tic," which is why Glass can notify the user of important notifications and updates and does not obstruct the line of sight._NEWLINE_Additionally, there is controversy that Google Glass would cause security problems and violate privacy rights. Organizations like the FTC Fair Information Practice work to uphold privacy rights through Fair Information Practice Principles (FIPPS), which are guidelines representing concepts that concern fair information practice in an electronic marketplace._NEWLINE_Privacy advocates are concerned that people wearing such eyewear may be able to identify strangers in public using facial recognition, or surreptitiously record and broadcast private conversations. The "Find my Face" feature on Google+ functions to create a model of your face, and of people you know, in order to simplify tagging photos. However, the only current app that can identify strangers is called MORIS (Mobile Offender Recognition and Identification System), and is a $3,000 iPhone app used by police officers._NEWLINE_Some companies in the US have posted anti-Google Glass signs in their establishments. In July 2013, prior to the official release of the product, Stephen Balaban, co-founder of software company Lambda Labs, circumvented Google's facial recognition app block by building his own, non-Google-approved operating system. Balaban then installed face-scanning Glassware that creates a summary of commonalities shared by the scanned person and the Glass wearer, such as mutual friends and interests. Also created was Winky, a program that allows a Google Glass user to take a photo with a wink of an eye, while Marc Rogers, a principal security researcher at Lookout, discovered that Glass can be hijacked if a user could be tricked into taking a picture of a malicious QR code, demonstrating the potential to be used as a weapon in cyberwarfare._NEWLINE_In February 2013, a Google+ user noticed legal issues with Glass and posted in the Glass Explorers community about the issues, stating that the device may be illegal to use according to the current legislation in Russia and Ukraine, which prohibits use of spy gadgets that can record video, audio or take photographs in an inconspicuous manner._NEWLINE_Concerns were also raised in regard to the privacy and security of Glass users in the event that the device is stolen or lost, an issue that was raised by a US congressional committee. As part of its response to the committee, Google stated that a locking system for the device is in development. Google also reminded users that Glass can be remotely reset. Police in various states have also warned Glass wearers to watch out for muggers and street robbers._NEWLINE_Lisa A. Goldstein, a freelance journalist who was born deaf, tested the product on behalf of people with disabilities and published a review on August 6, 2013. In her review, Goldstein states that Google Glass does not accommodate hearing aids and is not suitable for people who cannot understand speech. Goldstein also explained the limited options for customer support, as telephone contact was her only means of communication._NEWLINE_Several facilities have banned the use of Google Glass before its release to the general public, citing concerns over potential privacy-violating capabilities. Other facilities, such as Las Vegas casinos, banned Google Glass, citing their desire to comply with Nevada state law and common gaming regulations that ban the use of recording devices near gambling areas. On October 29, 2014, the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) and the National Association of Theatre Owners (NATO) announced a ban on wearable technology including Google Glass, placing it under the same rules as mobile phones and video cameras._NEWLINE_There have also been concerns over potential eye pain caused by users new to Glass. These concerns were validated by Google's optometry advisor Dr. Eli Peli of Harvard, though he later partly backtracked due to the controversy that ensued from his remarks._NEWLINE_Concerns have been raised by cyber forensics experts at the University of Massachusetts who have developed a way to steal smartphone and tablet passwords using Google Glass. The specialists developed a software program that uses Google Glass to track finger shadows as someone types in their password. Their program then converts the touchpoints into the keys they were touching, allowing them to catch the passcodes._NEWLINE_Another concern regarding the camera application raises controversy to privacy. Some people are concerned about how the product has the capability of recording during events such as conversations. The device sets off a light to indicate that it is recording but many speculate that there will be an app to disable this._NEWLINE_Users have been referred to perjoratively as "Glassholes".
Version 3.0.0 was ported from GTK+ 2 to GTK+ 3. This version also dropped support for Python 2. Old releases and code depending on GTK2 can be found in the 0.8.x branch. The developers of Guake will not maintain this branch actively._NEWLINE_Guake depends on the VTE library
Gustav Heinrich Ralph (often cited as G. H. R.) von Koenigswald (13 November 1902 – 10 July 1982) was a German-Dutch paleontologist and geologist who conducted research on hominins, including Homo erectus. His discoveries and studies of hominid fossils in Java and his studies of other important fossils of south-eastern Asia firmly established his reputation as one of the leading figures of 20th Century paleo-anthropology.
World War II brought difficulty and danger to von Koenigswald in Java.  He managed to hide his fossils from the invading Japanese, and although he, being a Dutch citizen, was interned in a prisoner-of-war camp, only one fossil skull was confiscated by the Japanese soldiers.  It was presented to Emperor Hirohito but was recovered after the war._NEWLINE_During the war years, Weidenreich's description of Sinanthropus was published. In a borrowed office at the American Museum of Natural History, Weidenreich added to their earlier work and reviewed the fossil record of human evolution, merging Sinanthropus and Pithecanthropus into a new taxon, Homo erectus, with various geographic sub-species.  He published descriptions and assigned scientific names to some of von Koenigswald's discoveries, as he and others presumed that von Koenigswald was dead at the hands of the Japanese.  After the war, von Koenigswald worked with Weidenreich at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City for eighteen months.
In 2004, due to some programme restructuration with the Department of ECEE, the centre was relocated within another part of the Faculty of Engineering and Information Sciences, which used to be a Department of Computer Science laboratory, with shared access to an adjacent room which could be used as a remote observation room. From that point on, HICESC became a central Faculty of Health & Human Sciences resource without formal link to ECEE. The new setup made the centre more appropriate for high-fidelity scenario-based simulation training and enabled collaboration with the local NHS Trusts for the training of their Foundation Doctors, then called Pre-registration House Officers.
Jon Erickson is a computer security expert, with a background in computer science.  As of 2011, he worked as a vulnerability researcher and computer security specialist in California._NEWLINE_A bootable CD is included with the book which provides a Linux-based programming and debugging environment for the users.
The cryptology section of Hacking covers basic information theory, in addition to symmetric and asymmetric encryption. It winds out in cracking WEP utilizing the Fluhrer, Mantin, and Shamir attack. Besides the basics, including man-in-the-middle attacks, dictionary attacks, and the use of John the Ripper; Hacking discusses quantum key distribution, Lov Grover's Quantum Search Algorithm, and Peter Shor's Quantum Factoring Algorithm for breaking RSA encryption using a very large quantum computer.
OSI Model_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_In communication among computers through networking the OSI Model is used. The OSI Model is a model that provides the standards that computers use to communicate. There are seven layers in the OSI Model and they are Physical layer, Data-Link layer, Network layer, Transport layer, Session layer, Presentation layer, and Application layer. Each packet that a computer sends out to another computer must go through each layer of the OSI Model._NEWLINE_Sockets_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_The standard way to communicate on a network with the use of computer operating systems is a socket. A socket is used by a programmer to create a way to send and receive data using the layers of the OSI. There are two types of sockets: a Stream Socket and a Datagram Socket. Stream Sockets use Transmission Control Protocol (TCP). A Datagram Socket uses User Datagram Protocol (UDP)._NEWLINE_Peeling Back the Layers_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_'Peeling back the layers' describes how the OSI layers actually work. The OSI Model is described in great detail with some images in the book that make it easy to understand._NEWLINE_Network Sniffing_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Switched and unswitched networks exist in networking. A switched network uses devices called switches that analyze and tell the packets travelling on the network where their endpoint is. An unswitched network is a free flow of packets without them being stopped and analyzed.  Sniffing refers to using a program that allows you to see packets on the network and where they are going._NEWLINE_Denial of Service_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_A denial of service attack is an attempt to make a computer resource unavailable to its intended users. This means that the denial of service attack sends a large quantity of communication requests to an intended resource in order to overflow the resource so that it becomes unusable for a certain period of time. These types of attacks are usually directed at routers or firewalls in order to shut them down to gain access to other computers on the network. A router is very susceptible to these types of attacks but a firewall can usually handle the attack and is unaffected. A distributed denial of service attack is when communication requests come from multiple computers, greatly increasing the number of requests over a regular denial of service attack. Some other types of DOS attacks include Ping of Death, Teardrop, Ping Flooding, and Amplification attacks._NEWLINE_TCP/IP Hijacking_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_TCP/IP Hijacking is another way that uses spoofed packets to take over a connection between the victim and a host machine. This technique is mainly used to collect passwords when a host machine uses a password to be connected to. When this type of attack takes place the victim and the attacker must be on the same network. Another form of TCP/IP hijacking is RST hijacking, which involves injecting a fake reset packet._NEWLINE_Port Scanning_NEWLINE_Port scanning is simply a way to figure out which ports are accepting and listening to connections. The hacker would just use a program that lets him know which ports are open by scanning all the ports on a network and trying to open them. There are many other type of scans, such as SYN, Idle, FIN, X-Mas, and Null scans._NEWLINE_Reach Out and Hack Someone_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_This part is about finding vulnerabilities in the typecasting of the network. Using a debugger to go through lines of code which are used for network protocols is the most efficient way to accomplish this.
This part of the book is about having defenses and intrusion prevention systems to stop known hacking exploits._NEWLINE_Countermeasures That Detect_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_An administrator of the network has to be aware of when an exploit may be occurring.  Using certain tools like reading logs or packet sniffing on the network are a few ways to catch exploits when they occur._NEWLINE_System Daemons_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_A System Daemon is a server program on a Unix system which receives and accepts incoming connections. A daemon is a program which runs in the background and detaches from controlling the terminal in a certain way. At this point in the book there is some code shown on how to run a daemon program. Signals are also used in a Unix-based environment to make operating system calls. When a signal is type in the terminal it will immediately send an interrupt message to complete the task of whatever the signal was which was typed. The uses of signals are displayed in some coding examples in the book._NEWLINE_Tools of the Trade_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_A hacker has a certain set of tools that he needs to help him when exploiting.  An exploit script is a tool in which uses already written exploit code to find holes in the system or program.  Using exploit scripts is easy for even a non-hacker to use because the code is already written in it.  A couple exams of some exploit tools are shown in the book and how to use them._NEWLINE_Log Files_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_As stated earlier log files are a way to check events that have been happening on a computer or network. For a hacker, having the ability to change what the log file says can help him not to be noticed.  There is code and directions on how to change some log files in the book._NEWLINE_Overlooking the Obvious_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Another sign of a program being hacked is that it will no longer work correctly. Most of the time programs do not work correctly because the hacker has modified them do accomplish another task. A skilled hacker however can modify the program so it still works correctly and does what he wants it do.  If a program is exploited there are ways to tell how it happened. Finding out how a program was exploited can be a very tedious process since it usually starts with taking parts of the program and looking at them individually. Putting an exploited program back together again to see how it was exploited is shown in the book._NEWLINE_Advanced Camouflage_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_When a hacker is exploiting a program his IP address can be written to a log file. Camouflaging the log files so that his IP address can not be detected is shown in the book. When an IP address is hidden, it is called spoofing the IP address._NEWLINE_The Whole Infrastructure_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_The use of intrusion detection systems and intrusion prevention systems greatly helps avoid the risk of being exploited. Even firewalls and routers have log files that can show evidence of hacking. Making sure that outbound TCP connections cannot be processed is one way to limit being found. A few ways are shown in the book on how to use TCP connections so that it is easier to go undetected._NEWLINE_Payload Smuggling_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_When using shellcode to exploit programs, it can be caught by intrusion detection systems. Usually the intrusion detection system will catch the programs that are already written and have noticeable shell code in them. Most exploit programs will be caught because real hackers are not using them. There are ways to hide shellcode so it can be harder to detect. A couple of examples on how to hide shellcode are found in the book._NEWLINE_Buffer Restrictions_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Sometimes there are restrictions put on buffers so that vulnerabilities cannot be exploited. There are a few ways that the book depicts on how to get around buffer restrictions._NEWLINE_Hardening Countermeasures_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_The exploits that are found in this book have been around for a long time. It took hackers a while before they figured out how to take advantage of the vulnerabilities described in this book. Memory corruption, a change of control, and the use of shellcode are the three easiest steps to exploitation._NEWLINE_Nonexecutable Stack_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Most applications do not use the stack for any type of executing. One defense is to make the stack non-executable so that buffer overflows cannot be used in the exploitation of the program. This defense is very effective for stopping the use of shellcode in an application.  However, there is a way to get around the use of a non-executable stack which is shown and described in the book._NEWLINE_Randomized Stack Space_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_A randomized stack is a type of countermeasure used so that the hacker is unable to tell where the shellcode he implemented is.  It randomizes the memory layout within the stack. Once again, there is also a way to get around this countermeasure with some examples in the book.
Cryptology is the use of communicating secretly through the use of ciphers, and cryptanalysis is the process of cracking or deciphering such secret communications. This chapter offers information on the theory of cryptology, including the work of Claude Shannon, and concepts including unconditional security, one-time pads, quantum key distribution, and computational security._NEWLINE_Using the same key to encrypt and to decrypt messages is symmetric encryption. Asymmetric encryption involves using different keys (public and private). This chapter gives some examples of both kinds of encryption, and how to use them._NEWLINE_A cipher is an encryption algorithm. Combining the use of a symmetric cipher and asymmetric cipher is called a hybrid cipher. Ways to attack ciphers and to get around some encryption methods are shown and described in the book._NEWLINE_The chapter also shows methods to figure out encrypted passwords, including brute-force attacks and hash look-ups. It also offers methods to get around wireless 802.11b (Wi-Fi) and wired equivalent privacy (WEP) encryption.
In computer science, Hirschberg's algorithm, named after its inventor, Dan Hirschberg, is a dynamic programming algorithm that finds the optimal sequence alignment between two strings. Optimality is measured with the Levenshtein distance, defined to be the sum of the costs of insertions, replacements, deletions, and null actions needed to change one string into the other.  Hirschberg's algorithm is simply described as a more space efficient version of the Needleman–Wunsch algorithm that uses divide and conquer.  Hirschberg's algorithm is commonly used in computational biology to find maximal global alignments of DNA and protein sequences.
denotes the i-th character of , where .  denotes a substring of size , ranging from i-th to the j-th character of .  is the reversed version of ._NEWLINE_ and  are sequences to be aligned. Let  be a character from , and  be a character from . We assume that ,  and  are well defined integer-valued functions. These functions represent the cost of deleting , inserting , and replacing  with , respectively._NEWLINE_We define , which returns the last line of the Needleman-Wunsch score matrix :_NEWLINE_ function NWScore(X,Y)_NEWLINE_   Score(0,0) = 0 // 2*length(Y) array_NEWLINE_   for j=1 to length(Y)_NEWLINE_     Score(0,j) = Score(0,j-1) + Ins(Yⱼ)_NEWLINE_   for i=1 to length(X) //init array_NEWLINE_     Score(1,0) = Score(0,0) + Del(Xᵢ)_NEWLINE_     for j=1 to length(Y)_NEWLINE_       scoreSub = Score(0,j-1) + Sub(Xᵢ, Yⱼ)_NEWLINE_       scoreDel = Score(0,j) + Del(Xᵢ)_NEWLINE_       scoreIns = Score(1,j-1) + Ins(Yⱼ)_NEWLINE_       Score(1,j) = max(scoreSub, scoreDel, scoreIns)_NEWLINE_     end_NEWLINE_     //copy Score[1] to Score[0]_NEWLINE_     Score(0,:) = Score(1,:)_NEWLINE_   end_NEWLINE_   for j=0 to length(Y)_NEWLINE_     LastLine(j) = Score(1,j)_NEWLINE_   return LastLine_NEWLINE_Note that at any point,  only requires the two most recent rows of the score matrix. Thus,  is implemented in  space_NEWLINE_The Hirschberg algorithm follows:_NEWLINE_ function Hirschberg(X,Y)_NEWLINE_   Z = ""_NEWLINE_   W = ""_NEWLINE_   if length(X) == 0_NEWLINE_     for i=1 to length(Y)_NEWLINE_       Z = Z + '-'_NEWLINE_       W = W + Yᵢ_NEWLINE_     end_NEWLINE_   else if length(Y) == 0_NEWLINE_     for i=1 to length(X)_NEWLINE_       Z = Z + Xᵢ_NEWLINE_       W = W + '-'_NEWLINE_     end_NEWLINE_   else if length(X) == 1 or length(Y) == 1_NEWLINE_     (Z,W) = NeedlemanWunsch(X,Y)_NEWLINE_   else_NEWLINE_     xlen = length(X)_NEWLINE_     xmid = length(X)/2_NEWLINE_     ylen = length(Y)_NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_     ScoreL = NWScore(X1:xmid, Y)_NEWLINE_     ScoreR = NWScore(rev(Xxmid+1:xlen), rev(Y))_NEWLINE_     ymid = arg max ScoreL + rev(ScoreR)_NEWLINE_ _NEWLINE_     (Z,W) = Hirschberg(X1:xmid, y1:ymid) + Hirschberg(Xxmid+1:xlen, Yymid+1:ylen)_NEWLINE_   end_NEWLINE_   return (Z,W)_NEWLINE_In the context of Observation (2), assume that  is a partition of . Index  is computed such that  and .
In South America, slavery was the norm.  The native people proved to be in limited supply and consequently the Atlantic slave trade supplied the workforce for the plantations.  The plantations were producing sugar, coffee, cocoa, cotton which were exported for the Amsterdam market. In 1713 for instance most of the work on the 200 plantations was done by 13,000 African slaves. Their treatment was horrific, and slaves periodically escaped to the jungle from the start. These Maroons (also known as "Djukas" or "Bakabusi Nengre") attacked the plantations in order to acquire goods that were in short supply and to free enslaved women. Notable leaders of the Surinam Maroons were Alabi, Boni, Joli-coeur and Broos (Captain Broos). In the 18th century, three of the Maroon people signed a peace treaty, similar to the peace treaty ending the First Maroon War in Jamaica, whereby they were recognised as free people and received a yearly tribute that provided them with the goods they used to "liberate" from the plantations.  A contemporary description of the war between the Maroons and the plantation owners in Suriname can be found in Narrative of a Five Years Expedition Against the Revolted Negroes of Surinam by John Gabriel Stedman._NEWLINE_Suriname was occupied by the British in 1799, after the Netherlands were incorporated by France, and was returned to the Dutch in 1816, after the defeat of Napoleon. The Dutch abolished slavery only in 1863, although the British had already abolished it during their short rule. The freed slaves were, however, still required to continue their plantation work on a contract basis and were not released until 1873; up to that date they conducted obligatory but paid work at the plantations. In the meantime, many more workers had been imported from the Dutch East Indies, mostly Chinese inhabitants of that colony, creating a Chinese Surinamese population.  From 1873 to 1916, many laborers were imported from India, creating the Indo-Surinamese. After 1916, many laborers were again imported from the Dutch East Indies, especially Java, creating the Javanese Surinamese.
After the 2015 San Bernardino attack, the FBI recovered the shooter's iPhone 5C, which belonged to the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health. The FBI recovered iCloud backups from one and a half months before the shooting, and wanted to access encrypted files on the device. The U.S. government ordered Apple to produce an IPSW file that would allow investigators to brute force the passcode of the iPhone. The order used the All Writs Act, originally created  by the Judiciary Act of 1789, to demand the firmware, in the same way as other smartphone manufacturers have been ordered to comply._NEWLINE_Tim Cook responded on the company's webpage, outlining a need for encryption, and arguing that if they produce a backdoor for one device, it would inevitably be used to compromise the privacy of other iPhone users:_NEWLINE_The FBI wants us to make a new version of the iPhone operating system, circumventing several important security features, and install it on an iPhone recovered during the investigation. In the wrong hands, this software — which does not exist today — would have the potential to unlock any iPhone in someone’s physical possession..._NEWLINE_The government would have us remove security features and add new capabilities to the operating system, allowing a passcode to be input electronically. This would make it easier to unlock an iPhone by “brute force,” trying thousands or millions of combinations with the speed of a modern computer._NEWLINE_The implications of the government’s demands are chilling. If the government can use the All Writs Act to make it easier to unlock your iPhone, it would have the power to reach into anyone’s device to capture their data. The government could extend this breach of privacy and demand that Apple build surveillance software to intercept your messages, access your health records or financial data, track your location, or even access your phone’s microphone or camera without your knowledge._NEWLINE_Opposing this order is not something we take lightly. We feel we must speak up in the face of what we see as an overreach by the U.S. government.
The historical community of Indian Maltese derives from the bahiband jati of the tiny Hindu Sindhi community. Following the British annexation of Sindh in 1843, a group of entrepreneurs from Hyderabad, Sindh set out for business opportunities in the rest of the Empire, originally trading in handicrafts from Sindhi (and hence becoming known as Sindhi workies), establishing a trade diaspora, facilitated by the new connection thanks to the Suez canal, the telegraph and the railway lines. Since the 1860s Hyderabadi traders soon set up business in Japan, Ceylon, Gold Coast, Gibraltar and Hong Kong.The Sindhi trade diaspora incercepted the growing tourism from Britain and Northern Europe in the Mediterranean as a profitable market for high-value Sindhi handicrafts. They later diversified into silk and curiosities, adding products from the Far East, such as Japanese ceramics and kimonos, to their catalogue. They also contributed to the growth of Gozo's Maltese lace industry, exporting it as far as Java and South Africa._NEWLINE_In 1887 the firm Pohoomull Brothers applied to set up a shop in British ruled Malta. By 1910, more than 10 Sindhi firms had a business in British run Malta, which was a node in a global trade network. This small number of Sindhis held shops in the central shopping thoroughfare of Valletta, Strada Reale (later Kingsway, today's Republic Street) to cater for a high-end tourist market (a tyical shopfront sign would read "Grand Indo-Egyptian Persian Bazaar - Suppliers to the German Imperial Family"), as well as branch shops and itinerary peddlers. "From the time a ship dropped anchor to the time it left Malta, the visitor was tempted constantly by the Sindworkis' wares" (Falzon 2001). Maltese shops were local branches of the central firm, in Hyderabad, Sindh, from where personnel was selected (usually by kinship links) and sent to Malta for few years. Sindhi workers, as young as 15, used to share firm-provided housing in Valletta or Floriana, and migrant men were not allowed to bring along their spouses or dependants. Working time was extended (up to 15 hours a day, without any weekend) and workers were treated as personal servants by shop managers. Firms expected total loyalty from their employees and socialisation was not encouraged. Sindhi Indians did not take part in the massive Maltese exodus out of Malta in the 19th century mostly to North Africa and the Levant._NEWLINE_A change occurred in British ruled Malta in 1930s: with the great recession, the tourist market subsided, and many enterprising Sindh shop keepers cut their investments in Malta. The shops were sold to former employees, ready to operate at smaller profits. Shops became family-owned. The partition of India did not lead to an influx of Sindhis (Malta was deemed too small to offer opportunities) and the strict immigration rules of the 1952-1985 period meant that only newly-wed men to Maltese Indian girls could move to Malta. Sindhi businesses adapted by diversification their product lines, to cater more for the domestic consumption of the Maltese, moving in the import, wholesale and retail of textiles._NEWLINE_After the second world war, the Sindhis were ready to profit from the newly-found affluence of British ruled Maltese society, monopolising the textile trade. With the groth of female workforce in Malta since the 1970s, Sindhi traders introduce ready-made to cater for the lower-middle end of the market. Thanks to their network of trans-local trade, they soon became wholesalers of cloths and textiles for the Maltese retailers. The few firms which had remained in the trade of curiosities opened up since the 1980s to cheap electronics and adapted to the new influx of tourists in Malta in the 1970s and 1980s, moving into the souvenir market thanks to their long-held position on Valletta's thoroughfare. Further diversification and integration of Sindhi businesses within the wider Maltese economy is reported at the end of the 20th century._NEWLINE_Typical surnames of the Sindhi Maltese community include Vaswani, Nandwani, Keswani, Bharwani, Balani.
The first version of ICB was a program called "Forumnet" or "fn", written by University of Kentucky IT staffer Sean Carrick Casey.  It was widely used at the University of Kentucky, Georgia Tech, MIT, University of New Mexico, Stanford University, Mills College, UC Santa Cruz, and UC Berkeley. Fn, based on a MUD software program by Casey, established the protocol and clients._NEWLINE_Fn was used as a realtime communications channel after the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake - Internet access from hard-hit Santa Cruz returned to service before reliable phone service did. In March 1991 the University of Kentucky changed policy and shut down the fn server.  Within 2 months a new server had been created from the client software by another fn user, John Atwood Devries, and was put online now renamed ICB.  This new server code, unrelated to the original server except by the common client software source, was then used as the basis of many ICB servers to follow.  From 1995 to 2000 the server code was heavily rewritten for stability and additional features by Jon Luini and Michel Hoche-Mong and remains available at the ICB.net web site._NEWLINE_ICB is still in operation with a dedicated user base. A variety of clients exist for all major operating systems.
During the festivities of Linz being the European Capital of Culture in 2009 (called Linz09), Kepl played a multitude of music premieres, firstly as a member of "Ensemble09"  (an ensemble specifically built for this occasion ) at Linzfest '09 with the project Facetten, through a five date concert series as a member of the "Traweeg Ensemble" performing the project Sonus Loci by Klaus Hollinetz  as well as playing at Klangspuren Schwaz and Festival 4020 Linz with the project Zum Fleisch composed by Klaus Lang._NEWLINE_Kepl began to achieve national recognition in 2012 when she won second place in Klagenfurt's Gustav Mahler Prize.  She was subsequently featured on Jazznacht, a music program on Österreich 1, the cultural channel for the Austrian public service broadcaster Österreichischer Rundfunk.  And in 2014, Kepl was awarded the Theodor Körner Prize for music composition._NEWLINE_2012 was the same year that Kepl formed a jazz/groove string quartet, Violet Spin, and performed with them and Indonesian jazz pianist Dwiki Dharmawan at the 2012 Jazz Fest Wien.  In 2014, the quartet was invited to perform at the 12 Points jazz festival (held that year in Umeå, Sweden).  It also appeared on the Österreichischer Rundfunk-sponsored Treffpunkt Neue Musik (New Music Venue), in performance at the broadcaster's Landesstudio Oberösterreich.  Violet Spin worked again with Dharmawan at the 2015 Jakarta International Java Jazz Festival. Also in 2015, Kepl was commissioned to compose the piece Chromaloge for string quartet by Donaufestwochen Strudengau which was premiered by Violet Spin. In March 2018 Violet Spin released their first album spin published by Swiss label Unit Records  with a concert (including a live streaming) at the historic venue of Funkhaus Wien. 14 of the 15 tracks are composed by Kepl while the 15th track red & blue is credited to Violet Spin._NEWLINE_Another of Kepl's performing groups, the ensemble Verso, had its first concert appearance in 2012 when she was commissioned to compose a work for the New Adits Festival in Klagenfurt.  The work, entitled Get Weaving!, was later recorded at a concert in 2013 and released in 2016 by the American online label Zeromoon. Ensemble Verso was also featured at the Brucknerhaus's International Brucknerfest in 2015, performing another of Kepl's compositions (Brain)._NEWLINE_Kepl returned to the recording studio in 2014, this time in collaboration with American drummer Mark Holub. The album, Taschendrache, was recorded in Vienna and released in 2015 by the British label Slam Productions.  This was followed in 2016 by Resonators, an album in which Kepl joined two other musicians in recording free-form works in various resonant stone buildings in the Czech Republic.  It was released in 2016 by Another Timbre (a British label).  Kepl composed two of the four pieces that appear on that album.  2016 also saw the release of Vergeben und Vergessen, a short film for which Kepl provided the music._NEWLINE_Aside from Violet Spin's 2015 performance in Jakarta, Kepl's first recognition outside of Europe came in 2017 when she was booked for an eleven-date tour of Australia and New Zealand.  The tour coincided with the release of Kepl's first complete solo album, SololoS.  It was recorded in a suburb of Paris in 2016 for the French label Fou Records. In October 2017, the label SoundOut Recordings released her solo performance made during this tour at the SoundOut festival in Canberra as the album 'Superstring Theory [Calabi-Yau]'.
The road, completed in 1933, is named after the Dutch shipping firm Koninklijke Java-China Paketvaart Lijnen (爪哇輪船公司; known outside the Netherlands as Royal Interocean Lines, RIL) — itself named for the island of Java in Indonesia — which had its operational headquarters there for much of the 20th Century.  The company provided sea routes between Hong Kong, Shanghai, Jakarta, Medan, Surabaya, Makassar and elsewhere. The Chinese name of the road was originally 爪哇道. The road name is also associated with the sugar importing empire of  Kwok Chun Yeung (郭春秧; Kwik Djoen Eng in Hokkien), across whose reclaimed land (between Tin Chong Street and Tong Shui Road, the current water's edge and King's Road) it runs. Java was the source of his sugar._NEWLINE_There was a Java Road Elementary School near the North Point Ferry Pier; it has since closed.
The Javan leopard is confined to the Indonesian island of Java. It is known to inhabit Gunung Halimun National Park, Ujung Kulon National Park, Gunung Gede Pangrango National Park, Ceremai National Park, Merbabu National Park, Merapi National Park, Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park, Meru Betiri National Park, Ijen Mountain, Baluran National Park, and Alas Purwo National Park. It inhabits altitudes from sea level to 2,540 m (8,330 ft) ranging from dense tropical rainforest to dry deciduous forests. Outside protected areas, it was recorded in secondary forest, mixed agriculture and production forest between 2008 and 2014._NEWLINE_In the 1990s, it survived in the seral stages of successional vegetation patterns, which made it less susceptible to humans' disruptive activities than many other mammals._NEWLINE_From 2001 to 2004, monitoring research has been conducted in a 20 km² (7.7 sq mi) area of Gunung Halimun National Park using camera traps and radio tracking. Seven leopards were identified in the study area. The total population was estimated at 42 to 58 individuals. The home range of an adult female averaged 9.82 km² (3.79 sq mi).
The Javan leopard's prey comprises barking deer, wild boar, Java mouse-deer, and monkeys such as crab-eating macaque, silvery lutung, and Javan gibbon. Javan leopards also look for food in close by villages and have been known to prey on domestic dogs, chickens, and goats._NEWLINE_Two leopards were radio collared in the Gunung Halimun National Park. Their daily activity pattern showed peaks in the early mornings between 6:00 and 9:00, and late afternoons between 15:00 and 18:00.
The Javan leopard is threatened by loss of habitat, prey base depletion, and poaching due to human population growth and agricultural expansion. Conflict between local people and leopards is also considered to be a main threat to the Javan leopard._NEWLINE_Java has lost more than 90% of its natural vegetation and is one of the most densely populated islands in the world. Primary forests remain only in the mountainous regions at elevations above 1,400 m (4,600 ft).
Panthera pardus melas is listed in the CITES Appendix I._NEWLINE_Efforts are being made to restore the Javan leopard population and prevent its extinction. Hunting laws are strictly enforced. In 2005, Gunung Halimun National Park was enlarged to three times its original size for the protection of the Javan leopard, the silvery gibbon (Hylobates moloch), and the Javan hawk-eagle (Nisaetus bartelsi)._NEWLINE_To address the issue of Java’s overpopulation and encroachment on habitat of protected species, the Indonesian government has formed a nationwide family planning program. This program makes contraceptive devices like condoms and several different forms of birth control pills more readily available to the public.
In 1997, 14 Javan leopards were kept in European zoos. The Javan leopard is not specifically managed in captive breeding programs in Europe and America. As of 2007, the Taman Safari Zoo in Bogor, Indonesia, kept 17 Javan leopards — seven males and 10 females, of which four were breeding pairs. The Indonesian zoos of Ragunan and Surabaya also keep Javan leopards._NEWLINE_As of December 2011, two male and one female Javan leopard were kept in Tierpark Berlin, Germany; and one male and one female in the Jakarta Zoo._NEWLINE_In 2013, one male Javan leopard was transferred from Tierpark Berlin to the Prague Zoo.
Morphological research indicates that the Javan leopard is craniometrically distinct from other Asian leopard subspecies, and is a distinct taxon that split off from other Asian leopard subspecies in the Middle Pleistocene about 800,000 years ago. In the Middle Pleistocene, it may have migrated to Java from South Asia across a land bridge that bypassed Sumatra and Borneo.
Ligett studied at Brown University, where she completed her BS degree in Mathematics and Computer Science in 2004.  She then earned her MS and PhD in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University in 2007 and 2009, respectively.  Her PhD was supervised by Avrim Blum. She has been on the faculty of the California Institute of Technology since 2011. Currently she is Associate Professor of Computer Science and Member of Federmann Center for the Study of Rationality at Hebrew University, as well as Visiting Associate in Computing and Mathematical Sciences at Caltech.
Ligett's work has made notable contributions to two fields: privacy and algorithmic game theory. For example, in the field of data privacy, her work provided a foundation for the field by proving the possibility of answering exponentially many queries about a database while maintaining privacy for individuals. In the field of algorithmic game theory, her work showed that efficiency guarantees proven for Nash equilibrium (so called Price of Anarchy bounds) can be extended to weaker equilibria concepts.
Paul Ferguson was the drummer in the band of Mataya Clifford (a.k.a. Mat Stagger) when he met Jaz Coleman (from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire) in Notting Hill, London. In October 1978, after Coleman was briefly the keyboard player in that band, he and Ferguson left to form Killing Joke. They placed an advertisement in Melody Maker, which attracted guitarist Geordie Walker and bassist Youth. Coleman said their manifesto at the time was to "define the exquisite beauty of the atomic age in terms of style, sound and form".  Coleman gave an explanation concerning their name: "The killing joke is like when people watch something like Monty Python on the television and laugh, when really they're laughing at themselves.  It's like a soldier in the first world war.  He's in the trench, he knows his life is gone and that within the next ten minutes he's gonna be dead ... and then suddenly he realises that some cunt back in Westminster's got him sussed - 'What am I doing this for? I don't want to kill anyone, I'm just being controlled'." The band played their debut gig on 4 August 1979 at Cheltenham Roadmenders supporting the Ruts and the Selecter._NEWLINE_By September 1979, shortly before the release of their debut EP, Turn to Red, they started the Malicious Damage record label with graphic artist Mike Coles as a way to press and sell their music; Island Records distributed the records (and released their debut single "Nervous System"), until Malicious Damage switched to E.G. Records with distribution through Polydor from 1980. Killing Joke's early material "fused together elements of punk, funk and dub reggae". Turn to Red came to the attention of legendary DJ John Peel, who was keen to champion the band's urgent new sound and gave them extensive airplay. An NME concert review said that "their sound is a bit like early [Siouxsie and the] Banshees without the thrilling, amoral imagination". Concerning their live performances, it was said that "the only animation on stage is provided by Jaz who crouches behind his synthesizer, making forays like a Neanderthal man gripped by a gesturing, gibbering fury". The songs on the 1980 "Wardance/Pssyche" single were described as "heavy dance music" by the press. The band had changed their sound into something denser, more aggressive and more akin to heavy metal. Their debut album, Killing Joke, was released in October 1980; the band had considered calling it Tomorrow's World. The press started to criticize them for the lack of new material appearing on the B-sides of singles, which often featured different mixes. The group preferred to carry on working into the studio and released What's THIS For...! just eight months after Killing Joke, in June 1981. For this second album, they hired sound engineer Nick Launay, who had previously recorded with Public Image Ltd. They toured extensively throughout the UK during this time, and both fans of post-punk and heavy metal took interest in Killing Joke via singles such as "Follow the Leaders"._NEWLINE_Killing Joke also became notorious largely due to the controversies that arose from their imagery. The images that appeared on their records and stage set were often bizarre and potentially shocking and inflammatory. Critics noted the band's black humour and the use of musical and visual shock tactics to create a reaction. The "Wardance" sleeve had already depicted Fred Astaire dancing in a war field. One promotional poster featured an original photo, erroneously believed to be of Pope Pius XI. The picture was of German abbot Alban Schachleiter walking among rows of Nazi soldiers offering Hitler salutes and appearing to return the salute; it was later used for the cover of the band's compilation album Laugh? I Nearly Bought One!._NEWLINE_Revelations was recorded in 1982 in Germany near Cologne with producer Conny Plank, who had previously worked for Neu! and Kraftwerk. The album was supported by a pair of performances on BBC Radio's "The John Peel Show" and a slot on UK TV show Top of the Pops for "Empire Song". It was the first time that one of their albums had entered the top 20 of the UK Albums Chart: Revelations peaked at No. 12 a few weeks after its release. Members of the band, especially Coleman, had become immersed in the occult, particularly the works of occultist Aleister Crowley. In February of that year, Coleman, with Walker following shortly after, moved to Iceland to survive the Apocalypse, which Coleman predicted was coming soon. While in Iceland, Coleman and Walker worked with musicians from the band Þeyr in the project Niceland. Youth, who had stayed in England, left the band after a few months. He then began the band Brilliant with Ferguson, but the latter defected and travelled to Iceland to rejoin Killing Joke with new bassist Paul Raven._NEWLINE_The new Killing Joke line-up soon recorded again with Plank, yielding the single "Birds of a Feather" and a six-track 10" EP Ha!, recorded live at Larry's Hideaway in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in August.
A Kinetic Triangulation data structure is a kinetic data structure that maintains a triangulation of a set of moving points. Maintaining a kinetic triangulation is important for applications that involve motion planning, such as video games, virtual reality, dynamic simulations and robotics.
The efficiency of a kinetic data structure is defined based on the ratio of the number of internal events to external events, thus good runtime bounds can sometimes be obtained by choosing to use a triangulation scheme that generates a small number of external events._NEWLINE_For simple affine motion of the points, the number of discrete changes to the convex hull is estimated by , thus the number of changes to any triangulation is also lower bounded by . Finding any triangulation scheme that has a near-quadratic bound on the number of discrete changes is an important open problem.
The Delaunay triangulation seems like a natural candidate, but a tight analysis of the number of discrete changes that will occur to the Delaunay triangulation (external events) was considered an open problem until 2015; it has now been bounded to be between  and ._NEWLINE_There is a kinetic data structure that efficiently maintains the Delaunay triangulation of a set of moving points, in which the ratio of the total number of events to the number of external events is .
The museum displays taxidermed animals and skeletons, also diorama of several animal habitats of Indonesian archipelago. By 2016, the museum focused only on displaying the collection of taxidermed body and skeletons of reptiles and amphibians of Indonesian archipelago._NEWLINE_The park surrounding the museum main building is the site of a reptile park, a mini zoo with collection of more than 67 species of reptiles. There are numbers of terrariums containing reptiles, mainly snakes and lizards, and also several large enclosures containing large reptiles; such as saltwater crocodile, python, and komodo dragon. There is also a petting zoo, where visitors could touch, pet and took photographs with reptiles, such as tortoise, iguana and non-venomous snakes.
In a January 2014 review in Full Circle Magazine, Gabriele Tettamanzi noted that LXLE has some minor localization issues but otherwise described it as a nice "light and fast" desktop "rich" with software and "stable"._NEWLINE_Jesse Smith reviewed LXLE 12.04.3 for DistroWatch Weekly:_NEWLINE_Running the LXLE distribution this past week was, in my opinion, a breath of fresh air. The project's strengths are not in new technologies or revolutionary ideas, but rather in the way the developers present existing concepts in polished ways. The distribution takes a solid base (Lubuntu), a fast and familiar desktop environment (LXDE), all the modern conveniences and applications a user is likely to want and puts them together in a manner I found very pleasant and intuitive. The fact the distribution can present to us desktops with slightly different layouts and controls is a nice bonus, but really what LXLE excels at is being a "just works" desktop operating system. There is little glamor, but the interface looks good, there is a stable core, but the applications are fairly up to date. Multimedia, Flash, Java, developer tools, productivity and networking were all right at my fingertips from the moment the system finished installing. And the installation took less than fifteen minutes. There are two package managers, an easy point-n-click front-end and the more detail oriented Synaptic for experienced users._NEWLINE_Jesse Smith also reviewed LXDE 14.04.
Printed Web is an artists' publication devoted to web-to-print art and discourse, published by Paul Soulellis / Library of the Printed Web. The project began in 2014 as a way to present new work by artists included in Soulellis’ Library of the Printed Web. Artists are invited to submit new or existing network-based work for the printed page. In the spirit of Seth Siegelaub, each issue is curated as a group exhibition for the printed page. Printed Web circulates primarily as print-on-demand publications, but also includes PDFs, ZIPs, GIFs, and server directories. More than 180 artists and writers have contributed to the project through issue #4. Individual issues are widely held in special artists’ publications collections and libraries, including Museum of Modern Art NY, Yale University, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Walker Center, and NY Public Library._NEWLINE_Printed Web 2 was included in the exhibition "Aerial Imagery in Print, 1860 to Today" at Museum of Modern Art, organized by MoMA Library, featuring a project by James Bridle. Printed Web 3 was an open call and launched on the front page of Rhizome and at Offprint London in May 2015, featuring work by 147 artists. Printed Web 4 was a co-publication with International Center of Photography and featured in the exhibition "Public, Private, Secret," curated by Charlotte Cotton in June 2016. The text "Folding the Web" by Michael Connor, artistic director of Rhizome, was included in Printed Web 4._NEWLINE_Printed Web 5: Bot Anthologia features algorithmic media: bots, feeds, streams, and other autonomous projects. It was presented at Eyebeam and Interrupt 4 at Brown University.
In computer science, the min conflicts algorithm is a search algorithm or heuristic method to solve constraint satisfaction problems (CSP)._NEWLINE_Given an initial assignment of values to all the variables of a CSP, the algorithm randomly selects a variable from the set of variables with conflicts violating one or more constraints of the CSP. Then it assigns to this variable the value that minimizes the number of conflicts. If there is more than one value with a minimum number of conflicts, it chooses one randomly. This process of random variable selection and min-conflict value assignment is iterated until a solution is found or a pre-selected maximum number of iterations is reached._NEWLINE_Because a CSP can be interpreted as a local search problem when all the variables have an assigned value (called a complete state), the min conflicts algorithm can be seen as a repair heuristic that chooses the state with the minimum number of conflicts.
algorithm MIN-CONFLICTS_NEWLINE_     input: csp, a constraint satisfaction problem_NEWLINE_            max_steps,the number of steps allowed before giving up_NEWLINE_            current_state, an initial assignment of values for the variables in the csp_NEWLINE_     output: a solution set of values for the variable or failure_NEWLINE_   for i ← 1 to max_steps do_NEWLINE_       if current_state is a solution of csp then return current_state_NEWLINE_       set var ← a randomly chosen variable from the set of conflicted variables CONFLICTED[csp]_NEWLINE_       set value ← the value v for var that minimizes CONFLICTS(var,v,current_state,csp)_NEWLINE_       set var ← value in current_state_NEWLINE_   return failure_NEWLINE_Although not specified in the algorithm, a good initial assignment can be critical for quickly approaching a solution.  Use a greedy algorithm with some level of randomness and allow variable assignment to break constraints when no other assignment will suffice.  The randomness helps min-conflicts avoid local minima created by the greedy algorithm's initial assignment.  In fact, Constraint Satisfaction Problems that respond best to a min-conflicts solution do well where a greedy algorithm almost solves the problem.  Map coloring problems do poorly with Greedy Algorithm as well as Min-Conflicts.  Sub areas of the map tend to hold their colors stable and min conflicts cannot hill climb to break out of the local minimum. The CONFLICTS function counts the number of constraints violated by a particular object, given that the state of the rest of the assignment is known.
Although Artificial Intelligence and Discrete Optimization had known and reasoned about Constraint Satisfaction Problems for many years, it was not until the early 1990s that this process for solving large CSPs had been codified in algorithmic form. Early on, Mark Johnston of the Space Telescope Science Institute looked for a method to schedule astronomical observations on the Hubble Space Telescope. In collaboration with Hans-Martin Adorf of the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, he created a neural network capable of solving a toy N-queens problem (for 1024 queens).  Steven Minton and Andy Philips analyzed the neural network algorithm and separated it into two phases: (1) an initial assignment using a greedy algorithm and (2) a conflict minimization phases (later to be called "min-conflicts").  A paper was written and presented at AAAI-90; Philip Laird provided the mathematical analysis of the algorithm._NEWLINE_Subsequently, Mark Johnston and the STScI staff used min-conflicts to schedule astronomers' observation time on the Hubble Space Telescope.
Min-Conflicts solves the N-Queens Problem by randomly selecting a column from the Chess board for queen reassignment. The algorithm searches each potential move for the number of conflicts (number of attacking queens), shown in each square. The algorithm moves the queen to the square with the minimum number of conflicts, breaking ties randomly. Note that the number of conflicts is generated by each new direction that a queen can attack from. If two queens would attack from the same direction (row, or diagonal) then the conflict is only counted once. Also note that if a queen is in a position in which a move would put it in greater conflict than its current position, it does not make a move. It follows that if a queen is in a state of minimum conflict, it does not have to move._NEWLINE_This algorithm's run time for solving N-Queens is independent of problem size. This algorithm will even solve the million-queens problem on average of 50 steps. This discovery and observations led to a great amount of research in 1990 and began research on local search problems and the distinctions between easy and hard problems. N-Queens is easy for local search because solutions are densely distributed throughout the state space. It is also effective for hard problems. For example, it has been used to schedule observations for the Hubble Space Telescope, reducing the time taken to schedule a week of observations from three weeks to around 10 minutes.
In 2002, Tor Andersson started work on MuPDF based on the Libart rendering library by Raph Levien. After Artifex Software acquired the MuPDF project, the development focus shifted on writing a new modern graphics library called Fitz. Fitz was originally intended as an R&D project to replace the aging Ghostscript graphics library, but has instead become the rendering engine powering MuPDF._NEWLINE_In 2005, the first version of MuPDF with the new Fitz library was released._NEWLINE_In 2009, Artifex Software filed a copyright infringement lawsuit against Palm, Inc. for violating their copyrights on MuPDF. At that time Artifex offered MuPDF dual-licensed, either under GPLv2 or under an proprietary license meant by Artifex for commercial use. When Palm included MuPDF in webOS and complied to the GPLv2 by releasing the changed source code of the library Artifex claiming that the GPL version would be unsuitable for "commercial use" as the complete, aggregated product (PDFviewer, WebOS) would have to be placed under GPL. Artifex voluntarily dismissed the suit in 2011._NEWLINE_In 2011, support for Microsoft's XPS was added, based on code from the GhostXPS library._NEWLINE_Since February 2013, with the 1.2 release, licensing terms have changed from GNU General Public License to GNU Affero General Public License v3.
In December 2006, NSA submitted an Internet Draft on implementing Suite B as part of IPsec. This draft had been accepted for publication by IETF as RFC 4869, later made obsolete by RFC 6379._NEWLINE_Certicom Corporation of Ontario, Canada, which was purchased by BlackBerry Limited in 2009, holds some elliptic curve patents, which have been licensed by NSA for United States government use. These include patents on ECMQV, but ECMQV has been dropped from Suite B. AES and SHA had been previously released and have no patent restrictions. See also RFC 6090._NEWLINE_As of October 2012, CNSSP-15 stated that the 256-bit elliptic curve (specified in FIPS 186-2), SHA-256, and AES with 128-bit keys are sufficient for protecting classified information up to the Secret level, while the 384-bit elliptic curve (specified in FIPS 186-2), SHA-384, and AES with 256-bit keys are necessary for the protection of Top Secret information._NEWLINE_However, as of August 2015, NSA indicated that only the Top Secret algorithm strengths should be used to protect all levels of classified information._NEWLINE_In 2018 NSA withdrew Suite B in favor of the CNSA.
In August 2015, NSA announced that it is planning to transition "in the not too distant future" to a new cipher suite that is resistant to quantum attacks. "Unfortunately, the growth of elliptic curve use has bumped up against the fact of continued progress in the research on quantum computing, necessitating a re-evaluation of our cryptographic strategy." NSA advised:  "For those partners and vendors that have not yet made the transition to Suite B algorithms, we recommend not making a significant expenditure to do so at this point but instead to prepare for the upcoming quantum resistant algorithm transition." New standards are estimated to be published around 2024.
Using an algorithm suitable to encrypt information is not necessarily sufficient to properly encrypt information.  The algorithm must be executed within an appropriately approved module, within an appropriately approved device.  For example, using AES-256 within an FIPS 140-2 validated module is sufficient to encrypt only US Government sensitive, unclassified data.  This same notion applies to the other algorithms.
Nanosaur 2 has been released for the PC/Windows operating system. It is published by Ideas From the Deep for PC/Windows. Both games were packaged with some new Macintosh computers, like many of Pangea Software's products.  Despite Universal Binaries being released for both titles, Apple has not continued to bundle either title with their new line of Intel-based Macintosh systems. In October 2008, Pangea Software released a port of Nanosaur 2 to the iPhone and iPod touch. The iOS version featured Motion controls and Online multiplayer, and lacked local co-op, but was otherwise the same as the Mac version.
He was a lecturer in statistics at the LSE from 1988 to 1993. He moved to Nuffield College, Oxford in 1991 to join the economics group.  He was Professor of Economics and of Statistics from 2013 to 2018 at Harvard University. _NEWLINE_He was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 2006, a Fellow of the Econometric Society in 2004. He was awarded an honorary doctorate in economics by Aarhus University in 2009, the 2012 Richard Stone Prize in Applied Econometrics and the 2017 Guy Medal in Silver of the Royal Statistical Society._NEWLINE_With David F. Hendry he founded the Econometrics Journal in 1998.  With Colin Mayer he founded Oxford University's Masters in Financial Economics. In 2007 he founded the Oxford-Man Institute, which he directed from 2007 to 2011. He chaired the Statistics Department at Harvard from 2015 to 2018. With Computer Science and Statistical colleagues, he founded Harvard University's Masters in Data Science in 2018 and the Harvard Data Science Initiative.
Ocean reanalysis is a method of combining historical ocean observations with a general ocean model (typically a computational model) driven by historical estimates of surface winds, heat, and freshwater, by way of a data assimilation algorithm to reconstruct historical changes in the state of the ocean._NEWLINE_Historical observations are sparse and insufficient for understanding the history of the ocean and its circulation. By utilizing data assimilation techniques in combination with advanced computational models of the global ocean, researchers are able to interpolate the historical observations to all points in the ocean.  This process has an analog in the construction of atmospheric reanalysis and is closely related to ocean state estimation.
The OpenAPS software can run on a small computer such as a Raspberry Pi or Intel Edison and automates an insulin pump's insulin delivery to keep blood glucose in a target range. It does this by monitoring continuous glucose monitor (CGM) data, algorithmically determining when insulin doses should occur, and issuing commands to the insulin pump to deliver these doses. OpenAPS is a subset of a broader "CGM in the Cloud" social movement; this includes the Nightscout project, which allows CGM users access to their blood sugar data in real time by putting the data on the cloud As of 2017, the OpenAPS project estimates that over 360 people worldwide with various OpenAPS implementations, amounting to over 1.6 million real-world testing hours.
Link-state routing protocols such as Open Shortest Path First (OSPF) and Intermediate System to Intermediate System (IS-IS) elect a designated router on every link  to perform flooding of topology information.  In wireless ad hoc networks, there is different notion of a link, packets can and do go out the same interface; hence, a different approach is needed in order to optimize the flooding process.  Using Hello messages the OLSR protocol at each node discovers 2-hop neighbor information and performs a distributed election of a set of multipoint relays (MPRs).  Nodes select MPRs such that there exists a path to each of its 2-hop neighbors via a node selected as an MPR.  These MPR nodes then source and forward TC messages that contain the MPR selectors.  This functioning of MPRs makes OLSR unique from other link state routing protocols in a few different ways: The forwarding path for TC messages is not shared among all nodes but varies depending on the source, only a subset of nodes source link state information, not all links of a node are advertised but only those that represent MPR selections._NEWLINE_Since link-state routing requires the topology database to be synchronized across the network, OSPF and IS-IS perform topology flooding using a reliable algorithm.  Such an algorithm is very difficult to design for ad hoc wireless networks, so OLSR doesn't bother with reliability; it simply floods topology data often enough to make sure that the database does not remain unsynchronized for extended periods of time.
The school is located just northeast of Baltimore City.  It is on the inside of the Baltimore Beltway, on Putty Hill Avenue, just west of Harford Road Maryland Route 147, and east of Old Harford Road.  Parkville High School at its current location opened in September 1958. The school boundaries border Towson High School, Loch Raven High School, Perry Hall High School, and Overlea High School._NEWLINE_In 2007, Parkville High School was named one of the best 1300 schools in America. An extensive, $40  million renovation project began in 2014 to air condition the building, refurbish the exterior, and remodel much of the interior space._NEWLINE_Parkville has a magnet program for mathematics, science, and computer science. It is also the only high school in Baltimore County and Baltimore City that has German World Language classes.
Penrhos Court originated around the late 13th century with a large cruck dwelling. Generations of owners have added more buildings and at one stage it became a small hamlet of half a dozen dwellings. Farm barns were added which formed a squared of ancient farm building surrounding a courtyard with a puddle duck pond and a well in the middle.  Records of 1752 refer to the area as Penrose, in 1841 as Penrhose, in 1850 again as Penrose being a farm of 213 acres (0.86 km²), then 1880 as the first reference to the Welsh name of Penrhos which it is still now known by._NEWLINE_Many famous people have stayed at Penrhos Court including Queen, Led Zeppelin, Mike Oldfield and Terry Jones of Monty Python._NEWLINE_Queen stayed there for a couple of weeks in August 1975 to rehearse their album A Night at the Opera (which features the hit "You're My Best Friend" and the legendary "Bohemian Rhapsody") before embarking to Rockfield Studios in Monmouth.
Phantasmagoria took more than two years to develop. Sierra officials said this was because it was so different from anything that had been done previously, in both the Hollywood or computer game industries, and the new challenges led to complexities. Roberta Williams said: "It took a full year just to get people to understand what I wanted to do." The game experienced multiple delays before it was ultimately released. It was originally planned that the game would be in stores by late 1993 or early 1994, with Sierra saying it would come out no later than the fall of 1994. The game was previewed at the Consumer Electronics Show in Chicago in June 1994, where it was announced the release date had been pushed back to October 1994 and that the game would be made available on two discs. The game ultimately required seven discs. The shipping date was later changed again to Christmas 1994, and then February 1995, before Sierra said it would be delayed yet again as the company continued to refine the technology of live-action video. It was announced the game would be ready in June 1995, but when Sierra organized road shows that month to market 18 of its new games, Phantasmagoria was not among them because it was not ready yet._NEWLINE_The date was changed once more to August 3, before it was finally released in stores on August 24, 1995, the same day as the Microsoft's operating system Windows 95 version. Phantasmagoria came out first for Windows 95, Windows 3.1 and MS-DOS, then for Macintosh computers in November 1995. A hint book by Sierra came out at the same time as the game. Phantasmagoria was also ported to Sega Saturn and spanned eight discs exclusively in Japan, where it was fully translated and dubbed into Japanese, and released by Outrigger under the name Phantasm. In response to all the delays, Vince Broady, executive editor of the monthly publication Multimedia World, said Sierra may have been attempting to avoid the same mistakes from the previous year with Outpost, for which the company released many advertisements and reviews, but then over-promoted and released before it was finished. Sierra spokeswoman Kathy Gillmore admitted that mistakes were made in marketing Outpost and Sierra had tried to fix them. The minimum system requirements were an IBM compatible 486–25, 8 megabytes of RAM, 5 megabytes hard disk space, SVGA (256 colors) and a 2x CD-ROM. It supported Sound Blaster-compatible sound cards, and for MS-DOS the game worked with a megahertz chip. It sold for as much as $80 in some stores, but was typically sold for $69.95._NEWLINE_Phantasmagoria was heavily advertised by Sierra in advance of its release, and the company touted it as its biggest game to date. It was Sierra's first computer game targeted to an adult audience. There was no legislated rating system for computer games in the United States in place, although one was being debated before the U.S. Senate at the time. Sierra was among several major software companies that voluntarily supported the ratings system designed by the Entertainment Software Rating Board, which rated games so adults could make decisions about software purchases. The game was given an "M" rating for "mature" audiences, meaning intended for audiences 17 or older. As a result, it carried a content warning on the box that said "contains adult subject matter". The game box prominently displayed this rating, as well as a warning on the back panel that the game contains adult subject matter inappropriate for children. It also encouraged parents to review the material before providing it to children and asked retailers not to sell it to minors. Phantasmagoria also received mature ratings in Germany and the United Kingdom._NEWLINE_The game itself includes a filter that players can activate with a password so that violent or sexually explicit content is censored. When the filter is in place, the screen blurs during the most violent sections, so the player can hear the action but cannot see it. Sierra officials believed it was the first CD-ROM adventure game that self-censored upon command. Sierra producer Mark Seibert said: "There are some pretty gruesome things, and we're concerned about how that is going to impact parents who want to buy a good game with a good story line." But Gene Emery of The Providence Journal said the censoring option was "unlikely to stop any computer-literate 10-year-old" and by scrambling portions of the videos that might be considered offensive, "the censorship option actually makes the explicit scenes seem even worse than they really are"._NEWLINE_In October 1997, the first chapter of Phantasmagoria was included in the Roberta Williams Anthology, a limited-edition collection of 15 games created by Williams over 18 years. Phantasmagoria was made available for digital download on the website GOG.com starting in February 2010 for $9.99.
Pia Bajpiee was born in Etawah 22 December 1993 but resettled in Delhi to attend a computer course while hoping to gain a break in films. Though her parents opposed her decision, she enrolled for a diploma in computer science, while taking small jobs such as working as a receptionist and tutoring in order to earn money to make a good portfolio. After a year she relocated to Mumbai and began to work as a dubbing artiste for serials, but found the job depressing and moved onto modelling, appearing in print advertisements, commercials and music videos. Most notably, she went on to feature in adverts for Cadbury alongside veteran actor, Amitabh Bachchan and Sonata with cricketer, Mahendra Singh Dhoni. She was eventually signed on by noted film-maker Priyadarshan to appear in a commercial he directed and it became a platform for her to break into films.
Advanced Placement (AP) courses are offered in AP English Language and Composition, AP French Language, AP Statistics, AP Spanish Language, AP Calculus, AP Computer Science, AP Biology, AP Chemistry, AP Physics, AP United States History, AP World History, AP Psychology and AP Studio Art._NEWLINE_Its radio station is WVPH, also known as 90.3, "The Pulse of Piscataway", with students broadcasting for an hour in the morning and three hours in the afternoon, while students from Rutgers University broadcast on the station during the other hours.
Software quality assurance refers to monitoring the software engineering processes and methods used to ensure quality. Various methods are employed for this, such as ensuring conformance to one or more standards, such as ISO 9000 or a model such as CMMI. In addition, enterprise quality management software is used to correct issues such as supply chain disaggregation and to ensure regulatory compliance; these are vital for medical device manufacturers.
RSA-100 has 100 decimal digits (330 bits). Its factorization was announced on April 1, 1991 by Arjen K. Lenstra. Reportedly, the factorization took a few days using the multiple-polynomial quadratic sieve algorithm on a MasPar parallel computer._NEWLINE_The value and factorization of RSA-100 are as follows:_NEWLINE_RSA-100 = 15226050279225333605356183781326374297180681149613_NEWLINE_          80688657908494580122963258952897654000350692006139_NEWLINE_RSA-100 = 37975227936943673922808872755445627854565536638199_NEWLINE_        × 40094690950920881030683735292761468389214899724061_NEWLINE_It takes four hours to repeat this factorization using the program Msieve on a 2200 MHz Athlon 64 processor._NEWLINE_The number can be factorized in 72 minutes on overclocked to 3.5 GHz Intel Core2 Quad q9300, using GGNFS and Msieve binaries running by distributed version of the factmsieve Perl script.
RSA-129, having 129 decimal digits (426 bits), was not part of the 1991 RSA Factoring Challenge, but rather related to Martin Gardner's Mathematical Games column in the August 1977 issue of Scientific American._NEWLINE_RSA-129 was factored in April 1994 by a team led by Derek Atkins, Michael Graff, Arjen K. Lenstra and Paul Leyland, using approximately 1600 computers from around 600 volunteers connected over the Internet. A US$100 token prize was awarded by RSA Security for the factorization, which was donated to the Free Software Foundation._NEWLINE_The value and factorization are as follows:_NEWLINE_RSA-129 = 11438162575788886766923577997614661201021829672124236256256184293_NEWLINE_          5706935245733897830597123563958705058989075147599290026879543541_NEWLINE_RSA-129 = 3490529510847650949147849619903898133417764638493387843990820577_NEWLINE_        × 32769132993266709549961988190834461413177642967992942539798288533_NEWLINE_The factorization was found using the Multiple Polynomial Quadratic Sieve algorithm._NEWLINE_The factoring challenge included a message encrypted with RSA-129. When decrypted using the factorization the message was revealed to be "The Magic Words are Squeamish Ossifrage".
RSA-130 has 130 decimal digits (430 bits), and was factored on April 10, 1996 by a team led by Arjen K. Lenstra and composed of Jim Cowie, Marije Elkenbracht-Huizing, Wojtek Furmanski, Peter L. Montgomery, Damian Weber and Joerg Zayer._NEWLINE_The value and factorization are as follows:_NEWLINE_RSA-130 = 18070820886874048059516561644059055662781025167694013491701270214_NEWLINE_          50056662540244048387341127590812303371781887966563182013214880557_NEWLINE_RSA-130 = 39685999459597454290161126162883786067576449112810064832555157243_NEWLINE_        × 45534498646735972188403686897274408864356301263205069600999044599_NEWLINE_The factorization was found using the Number Field Sieve algorithm and the polynomial_NEWLINE_   5748302248738405200 x⁵ +  9882261917482286102 x⁴_NEWLINE_- 13392499389128176685 x³ + 16875252458877684989 x²_NEWLINE_+  3759900174855208738 x¹ - 46769930553931905995_NEWLINE_which has a root of 12574411168418005980468 modulo RSA-130.
RSA-140 has 140 decimal digits (463 bits), and was factored on February 2, 1999 by a team led by Herman te Riele and composed of Stefania Cavallar, Bruce Dodson, Arjen K. Lenstra, Paul Leyland, Walter Lioen, Peter L. Montgomery, Brian Murphy and Paul Zimmermann._NEWLINE_The value and factorization are as follows:_NEWLINE_RSA-140 = 2129024631825875754749788201627151749780670396327721627823338321538194_NEWLINE_          9984056495911366573853021918316783107387995317230889569230873441936471_NEWLINE_RSA-140 = 3398717423028438554530123627613875835633986495969597423490929302771479_NEWLINE_        × 6264200187401285096151654948264442219302037178623509019111660653946049_NEWLINE_The factorization was found using the Number Field Sieve algorithm and an estimated 2000 MIPS-years of computing time.
RSA-155 has 155 decimal digits (512 bits), and was factored on August 22, 1999 in a span of six months, by a team led by Herman te Riele and composed of Stefania Cavallar, Bruce Dodson, Arjen K. Lenstra, Walter Lioen, Peter L. Montgomery, Brian Murphy, Karen Aardal, Jeff Gilchrist, Gerard Guillerm, Paul Leyland, Joel Marchand, François Morain, Alec Muffett, Craig Putnam, Chris Putnam and Paul Zimmermann._NEWLINE_The value and factorization are as follows:_NEWLINE_RSA-155 = 109417386415705274218097073220403576120037329454492059909138421314763499842889_NEWLINE_          34784717997257891267332497625752899781833797076537244027146743531593354333897_NEWLINE_RSA-155 = 102639592829741105772054196573991675900716567808038066803341933521790711307779_NEWLINE_        × 106603488380168454820927220360012878679207958575989291522270608237193062808643_NEWLINE_The factorization was found using the general number field sieve algorithm and an estimated 8000 MIPS-years of computing time.
RSA-160 has 160 decimal digits (530 bits), and was factored on April 1, 2003 by a team from the University of Bonn and the German Federal Office for Information Security (BSI). The team contained J. Franke, F. Bahr, T. Kleinjung, M. Lochter, and M. Böhm._NEWLINE_The value and factorization are as follows:_NEWLINE_RSA-160 = 21527411027188897018960152013128254292577735888456759801704976767781331452188591_NEWLINE_          35673011059773491059602497907111585214302079314665202840140619946994927570407753_NEWLINE_RSA-160 = 45427892858481394071686190649738831656137145778469793250959984709250004157335359_NEWLINE_        × 47388090603832016196633832303788951973268922921040957944741354648812028493909367_NEWLINE_The factorization was found using the general number field sieve algorithm.
RSA-170 has 170 decimal digits (563 bits), and was factored on December 29, 2009 by D. Bonenberger and M. Krone from Fachhochschule Braunschweig/Wolfenbüttel. The factorization of RSA-170 was also independently completed by S. A. Danilov and I. A. Popovyan two days later._NEWLINE_The value and factorization are as follows:_NEWLINE_RSA-170 = 2606262368413984492152987926667443219708592538048640641616478519185999962854206936145_NEWLINE_          0283931914514618683512198164805919882053057222974116478065095809832377336510711545759_NEWLINE_RSA-170 = 3586420730428501486799804587268520423291459681059978161140231860633948450858040593963_NEWLINE_        × 7267029064107019078863797763923946264136137803856996670313708936002281582249587494493_NEWLINE_The factorization was found using the general number field sieve algorithm.
RSA-576 has 174 decimal digits (576 bits), and was factored on December 3, 2003 by J. Franke and T. Kleinjung from the University of Bonn. A cash prize of $10,000 was offered by RSA Security for a successful factorization._NEWLINE_The value and factorization are as follows:_NEWLINE_RSA-576 = 188198812920607963838697239461650439807163563379417382700763356422988859715234665485319_NEWLINE_          060606504743045317388011303396716199692321205734031879550656996221305168759307650257059_NEWLINE_RSA-576 = 398075086424064937397125500550386491199064362342526708406385189575946388957261768583317_NEWLINE_        × 472772146107435302536223071973048224632914695302097116459852171130520711256363590397527_NEWLINE_The factorization was found using the general number field sieve algorithm.
RSA-180 has 180 decimal digits (596 bits), and was factored on May 8, 2010 by S. A. Danilov and I. A. Popovyan from Moscow State University, Russia._NEWLINE_RSA-180 = 191147927718986609689229466631454649812986246276667354864188503638807260703436799058776201_NEWLINE_          365135161278134258296128109200046702912984568752800330221777752773957404540495707851421041_NEWLINE_RSA-180 = 400780082329750877952581339104100572526829317815807176564882178998497572771950624613470377_NEWLINE_        × 476939688738611836995535477357070857939902076027788232031989775824606225595773435668861833_NEWLINE_The factorization was found using the general number field sieve algorithm implementation running on three Intel Core i7 PCs.
Kumaramangalam was born in Kongu Vellalar Community, Chennai in 1978. He attended Don Bosco School in Egmore until age six, when he moved to Delhi when his father, Pharindranath Rangarajan Kumaramangalam, won the Salem parliamentary seat. In Delhi, he attended Springdales School after which he moved to DPS R.K. Puram. On completion of his schooling, he attended Illinois Institute of Technology where he graduated with a Bachelors in Engineering in Computer Science.
A real-time operating system (RTOS) is an operating system (OS) intended to serve real-time applications that process data as it comes in, typically without buffer delays. Processing time requirements (including any OS delay) are measured in tenths of seconds or shorter increments of time. A real-time system is a time bound system which has well defined fixed time constraints. Processing must be done within the defined constraints or the system will fail. They either are event driven or time sharing. Event driven systems switch between tasks based on their priorities while time sharing systems switch the task based on clock interrupts. Most RTOSs use a pre-emptive scheduling algorithm._NEWLINE_A key characteristic of an RTOS is the level of its consistency concerning the amount of time it takes to accept and complete an application's task; the variability is 'jitter'. A 'hard' real-time operating system has less jitter than a 'soft' real-time operating system. The chief design goal is not high throughput, but rather a guarantee of a soft or hard performance category. An RTOS that can usually or generally meet a deadline is a soft real-time OS, but if it can meet a deadline deterministically it is a hard real-time OS._NEWLINE_An RTOS has an advanced algorithm for scheduling. Scheduler flexibility enables a wider, computer-system orchestration of process priorities, but a real-time OS is more frequently dedicated to a narrow set of applications. Key factors in a real-time OS are minimal interrupt latency and minimal thread switching latency; a real-time OS is valued more for how quickly or how predictably it can respond than for the amount of work it can perform in a given period of time._NEWLINE_See the comparison of real-time operating systems for a comprehensive list. Also, see the list of operating systems for all types of operating systems.
A multitasking operating system like Unix is poor at real-time tasks. The scheduler gives the highest priority to jobs with the lowest demand on the computer, so there is no way to ensure that a time-critical job will have access to enough resources. Multitasking systems must manage sharing data and hardware resources among multiple tasks. It is usually unsafe for two tasks to access the same specific data or hardware resource simultaneously. There are three common approaches to resolve this problem:
General-purpose operating systems usually do not allow user programs to mask (disable) interrupts, because the user program could control the CPU for as long as it wishes. Some modern CPUs do not allow user mode code to disable interrupts as such control is considered a key operating system resource. Many embedded systems and RTOSs, however, allow the application itself to run in kernel mode for greater system call efficiency and also to permit the application to have greater control of the operating environment without requiring OS intervention._NEWLINE_On single-processor systems, an application running in kernel mode and masking interrupts is the lowest overhead method to prevent simultaneous access to a shared resource. While interrupts are masked and the current task does not make a blocking OS call, the current task has exclusive use of the CPU since no other task or interrupt can take control, so the critical section is protected. When the task exits its critical section, it must unmask interrupts; pending interrupts, if any, will then execute. Temporarily masking interrupts should only be done when the longest path through the critical section is shorter than the desired maximum interrupt latency. Typically this method of protection is used only when the critical section is just a few instructions and contains no loops. This method is ideal for protecting hardware bit-mapped registers when the bits are controlled by different tasks.
When the shared resource must be reserved without blocking all other tasks (such as waiting for Flash memory to be written), it is better to use mechanisms also available on general-purpose operating systems, such as a mutex and OS-supervised interprocess messaging. Such mechanisms involve system calls, and usually invoke the OS's dispatcher code on exit, so they typically take hundreds of CPU instructions to execute, while masking interrupts may take as few as one instruction on some processors._NEWLINE_A (non-recursive) mutex is either locked or unlocked. When a task has locked the mutex, all other tasks must wait for the mutex to be unlocked by its  owner - the original thread. A task may set a timeout on its wait for a mutex. There are several well-known problems with mutex based designs such as priority inversion and deadlocks._NEWLINE_In priority inversion a high priority task waits because a low priority task has a mutex, but the lower priority task is not given CPU time to finish its work. A typical solution is to have the task that owns a mutex at, or 'inherit,' the priority of the highest waiting task. But this simple approach gets more complex when there are multiple levels of waiting: task A waits for a mutex locked by task B, which waits for a mutex locked by task C. Handling multiple levels of inheritance causes other code to run in high priority context and thus can cause starvation of medium-priority threads._NEWLINE_In a deadlock, two or more tasks lock mutex without timeouts and then wait forever for the other task's mutex, creating a cyclic dependency. The simplest deadlock scenario occurs when two tasks alternately lock two mutex, but in the opposite order. Deadlock is prevented by careful design.
Since an interrupt handler blocks the highest priority task from running, and since real-time operating systems are designed to keep thread latency to a minimum, interrupt handlers are typically kept as short as possible. The interrupt handler defers all interaction with the hardware if possible; typically all that is necessary is to acknowledge or disable the interrupt (so that it won't occur again when the interrupt handler returns) and notify a task that work needs to be done. This can be done by unblocking a driver task through releasing a semaphore, setting a flag or sending a message. A scheduler often provides the ability to unblock a task from interrupt handler context._NEWLINE_An OS maintains catalogues of objects it manages such as threads, mutexes, memory, and so on. Updates to this catalogue must be strictly controlled. For this reason it can be problematic when an interrupt handler calls an OS function while the application is in the act of also doing so. The OS function called from an interrupt handler could find the object database to be in an inconsistent state because of the application's update. There are two major approaches to deal with this problem: the unified architecture and the segmented architecture. RTOSs implementing the unified architecture solve the problem by simply disabling interrupts while the internal catalogue is updated. The downside of this is that interrupt latency increases, potentially losing interrupts. The segmented architecture does not make direct OS calls but delegates the OS related work to a separate handler. This handler runs at a higher priority than any thread but lower than the interrupt handlers. The advantage of this architecture is that it adds very few cycles to interrupt latency. As a result, OSes which implement the segmented architecture are more predictable and can deal with higher interrupt rates compared to the unified architecture._NEWLINE_Similarly the System Management Mode on x86 compatible Hardware can take very much time before it returns control to the operating system. It is generally wrong to write real-time software for x86 Hardware.
Memory allocation is more critical in a real-time operating system than in other operating systems._NEWLINE_First, for stability there cannot be memory leaks (memory that is allocated but not freed after use). The device should work indefinitely, without ever needing a reboot. For this reason, dynamic memory allocation is frowned upon. Whenever possible, all required memory allocation is specified statically at compile time._NEWLINE_Another reason to avoid dynamic memory allocation is memory fragmentation. With frequent allocation and releasing of small chunks of memory, a situation may occur where available memory is divided into several sections and the RTOS is incapable of allocating a large enough continuous block of memory, although there is enough free memory. Secondly, speed of allocation is important. A standard memory allocation scheme scans a linked list of indeterminate length to find a suitable free memory block, which is unacceptable in an RTOS since memory allocation has to occur within a certain amount of time._NEWLINE_Because mechanical disks have much longer and more unpredictable response times, swapping to disk files is not used for the same reasons as RAM allocation discussed above._NEWLINE_The simple fixed-size-blocks algorithm works quite well for simple embedded systems because of its low overhead.
In computer science, recursive ascent parsing is a technique for implementing an LALR parser which uses mutually-recursive functions rather than tables. Thus, the parser is directly encoded in the host language similar to recursive descent. Direct encoding usually yields a parser which is faster than its table-driven equivalent for the same reason that compilation is faster than interpretation. It is also (nominally) possible to hand edit a recursive ascent parser, whereas a tabular implementation is nigh unreadable to the average human._NEWLINE_Recursive ascent was first described by Thomas Penello in his article "Very fast LR parsing". in 1986. He was not intending to create a hand-editable implementation of an LR parser, but rather a maintainable and efficient parser implemented in assembly language. The technique was later expounded upon by G.H. Roberts in 1988 as well as in an article by Leermakers, Augusteijn, Kruseman Aretz in 1992 in the journal Theoretical Computer Science. An extremely readable description of the technique was written by Morell and Middleton in 2003. A good exposition can also be found in a TOPLAS article by Sperber and Thiemann._NEWLINE_Recursive ascent has also been merged with recursive descent, yielding a technique known as recursive ascent/descent. This implementation technique is arguably easier to hand-edit due to the reduction in states and fact that some of these states are more intuitively top-down rather than bottom up. It can also yield some minimal performance improvements over conventional recursive ascent.
Rudeen was born in Chicago and grew up in Tampa, Florida. In the early 1980s he attended Clemson University, where he played collegiate tennis while he studied for a Computer Science degree. An All-American player, he won a total of 172 NCAA Division I matches during his tennis career at Clemson University._NEWLINE_In 1985 he began competing professionally and that year made the round of 16 at the Tokyo Outdoor Grand Prix tournament, by beating Danny Saltz then Menno Oosting. It was as a doubles player he made more success, with one Grand Prix final, at Auckland in 1986, with regular doubles partner Karl Richter. He made it to 110 in the world in doubles, won two Challenger titles and played in the main draws of both the Australian Open and US Open. His first appearance at the US Open in 1986 came in unusual circumstances when he and partner Derek Tarr were given a place in the first round as lucky losers after the pairing of Peter Fleming and John McEnroe got stuck in traffic and were defaulted for not arriving in time. At the 1987 Australian Open, Rudeen reached the second round of both men's and mixed doubles events._NEWLINE_Retiring in 1988, Rudeen got married and was a tennis pro in Minneapolis for about a year before moving to Atlanta. He was Director of the Ralston/Gorman International Tennis Academy until 1993, then moved to Sioux City and worked for a long period of time with Gateway. Rudeen, who has a son and a daughter, now lives in Dakota Dunes, South Dakota.
The temple is located on Jalan Kertanegara, Candirenggo  village, Singosari district, about 10 kilometres north from Malang city, on the valley between two mountain ranges, the Tengger-Bromo in the east and Arjuno-Welirang in the west, with elevation 512 metres above sea level. The temple orientation is facing northwest towards Mount Arjuno. It is linked to the historical Singhasari kingdom of East Java, as the site around the temple is believed to be the center of Javanese court of Singhasari.
When ISIL invaded the Sinjar Mountains in 2014 and began to massacre its Yezidi population, the PKK intervened with hundreds of fighters in order to save the locals from the Islamic State militants. Since then, the PKK set up two local Yezidi self-defense groups, namely the Sinjar Resistance Units and the Êzîdxan Women's Units. In late 2015, anti-ISIL forces finally succeeded in driving the Islamic State mostly from the Sinjar area, but the PKK fighters have since refused to leave and continue to train and equip the local PKK-affiliated militias. This has caused resentment among the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), which regards Sinjar as part of Iraqi Kurdistan and sees the PKK as local political rival._NEWLINE_The KDP believes that the presence of the PKK in Sinjar is illegal, and that their own Peshmerga forces are the only legitimate security force of the area. The Rojava Peshmerga are Syrian Kurdish fighters affiliated with the KNC, which in turn was set up by the KDP, and effectively operate as part of the KDP's regular armed forces.
On 2 March, the Rojava Peshmerga stated that they would relocate to the Syrian border near al-Hawl in order to stop smuggling operations, but as they moved further south into the Sinjar Mountains, they came into conflict with the Sinjar Resistance Units at Khanasor. The KNC forces later claimed that they had been blocked by the YBŞ while simply passing through the area, while the YBŞ in turn argued that the Rojava Peshmerga had attempted to occupy Khanasor on the orders of Turkey and the Kurdistan Democratic Party._NEWLINE_On the next morning, heavy fighting broke out in Khanasor. Both sides later accused each other of having initiated the battle: Whereas the YBŞ said that they had peacefully asked the KNC fighters to leave the town, whereupon the latter attacked them with heavy weapons, the Rojava Peshmerga stated that they were first shot at and decided to take a stand rather than simply retreat. In any case, heavy clashes broke out, during which several fighters were killed or wounded, and several civilians also became casualties._NEWLINE_On 4 March, a ceasefire had come into effect, with PKK-affiliated groups and the KNC negotiating a solution of the conflict, though pro-PKK media claimed that the peshmerga prepared a new attack on Khanasor.
Pro-PKK media claimed that the fighting was the result of a Turkish attempt to "turn the Southern Kurdistan territory into a battle field, starting from Shingal, and thus to invade this territory". According to this view, the Rojava Peshmerga were proxies of the Turkish MIT, hostile to both the PKK as well as the Yezidis. The YBŞ also claimed that they enjoyed the full support of the local population, and PKK-supporting locals as well as some Yezidi refugees in Al-Malikiyah indeed protested against the invervention of the Rojava Peshmerga and said that the pro-PKK forces had every right to defend themselves from the Peshmerga attacks. In Rojava, the Kurdish youth group Ciwanen Soresger, which is close to the PKK-allied Democratic Union Party, attacked KNC offices in Al-Darbasiyah and Qamishli in protest of the Sinjar clashes._NEWLINE_The Peshmerga, on the other side, blamed the pro-PKK fighters for the escalation. They argued that they wanted to avoid further clashes, but were also the legitimate security force of Sinjar and because of that, "Peshmerga forces are free to move whenever and wherever they want in Kurdistan's soil. We will not ask permission from anyone". The KDP also stated that the PKK should simply leave Sinjar to avoid further tensions, with Omed Sabah, spokesperson of Masoud Barzani, stating that the YBŞ' presence in Sinjar was not legitimized "just because they have a few people from Shingal in their rank"._NEWLINE_Osman Baydemir, the spokesperson of the HDP, called the conflict between the pro-PKK and pro-KDP forces a "civil war" that "has to stop". Similarly, Patriotic Union of Kurdistan deputy Kosrat Rasul Ali also condemned the infighting on both legal as well as moral grounds. Josef Weidenholzer, a Member of the European Parliament and chairman of the Yezidi Friendship Group, appealed the Rojava Peshmerga and the Sinjar Resistance Units to "stop all hostilities and solve political differences", also because any international support to either faction is dependent of "the peaceful solution of Intra-Kurdish problems"._NEWLINE_Several civilian inhabitants of Khanasor, meanwhile, expressed frustration and anger at the clashes, saying that both groups should focus on expelling ISIL from southern Sinjar rather than fighting each other. Some locals even said both groups should simply retreat from the Sinjar Mountains, and leave the Yezidi civilians alone. Both Mir Tahsin Beg, leader of the Yezidi community, as well as Nadia Murad, female Yezidi activist and UN Goodwill ambassador, called on both sides to stop the fighting. Murad said that "it is deeply saddening for me to see once again victims of Genocide become victims of an internal conflict, it is painful to see the Yezidi women again are suffering from fear after all that happened to them". An expert also warned that both the Sinjar Resistance Units as well as the Rojava Peshmerga had been very effective at "keeping IS at bay" and that the fighting among these anti-ISIL forces "would slow the process to liberate the remaining territory from IS"._NEWLINE_In a statement on 3 March, the Kurdish National Alliance in Syria, which consists of former KNC groups, called for the cessation of hostilities in Sinjar. The alliance called on all armed groups to "resort to calm and restraint" and to begin dialogue. The KNAS also called for an end to "biased media campaigns" that broadcast "sedition" among Kurdish factions._NEWLINE_The Ministry of Defence of Germany expressed concern that German weapons supplied to the Peshmerga were used in the clashes. "The government of the Kurdistan-Iraq region has committed itself, by final declaration, to use the delivered weapons only for the fight against the so-called Islamic State and in accordance with international humanitarian law", a defence ministry spokesman told Der Spiegel on 6 March.
Rigging is making our characters able to move. The process of rigging is we take that digital sculpture, and we start building the skeleton, the muscles, and we attach the skin to the character, and we also create a set of animation controls, which our animators use to push and pull the body around._NEWLINE_This technique is used by constructing a series of 'bones,' sometimes referred to as rigging. Each bone has a three-dimensional transformation from the default bind pose (which includes its position, scale and orientation), and an optional parent bone. The bones therefore form a hierarchy. The full transform of a child node is the product of its parent transform and its own transform. So moving a thigh-bone will move the lower leg too. As the character is animated, the bones change their transformation over time, under the influence of some animation controller. A rig is generally composed of both forward kinematics and inverse kinematics parts that may interact with each other. Skeletal animation is referring to the forward kinematics part of the rig, where a complete set of bone configurations identifies a unique pose._NEWLINE_Each bone in the skeleton is associated with some portion of the character's visual representation in a process called skinning. In the most common case of a polygonal mesh character, the bone is associated with a group of vertices; for example, in a model of a human being, the 'thigh' bone would be associated with the vertices making up the polygons in the model's thigh. Portions of the character's skin can normally be associated with multiple bones, each one having a scaling factors called vertex weights, or blend weights. The movement of skin near the joints of two bones, can therefore be influenced by both bones. In most state-of-the-art graphical engines, the skinning process is done on the GPU thanks to a shader program._NEWLINE_For a polygonal mesh, each vertex can have a blend weight for each bone. To calculate the final position of the vertex, a transformation matrix is created for each bone which, when applied to the vertex, first puts the vertex in bone space then puts it back into mesh space.  After applying a matrix to the vertex, it is scaled by its corresponding weight. This algorithm is called matrix palette skinning, because the set of bone transformations (stored as transform matrices) form a palette for the skin vertex to choose from.
The Falcon 9 carried a small number of nanosatellites to orbit as well. Included were the first U.S. Army nanosatellite, Space and Missile Defense Command — Operational Nanosatellite Effect, or SMDC-ONE, for a 30-day mission, and two 3U buses, the CubeSat Experiment (QbX), provided by the U.S. National Reconnaissance Office, also expected to remain in orbit for only 30 days._NEWLINE_One of the weight ballasts inside the Dragon spacecraft was a metal barrel containing a wheel of French Le Brouère cheese. This cheese is produced in Bulgnéville, Vosges. It was packed as a joke, and references the Cheese Shop sketch from Monty Python's Flying Circus. The barrel's lid was pasted with an image from the poster for the 1984 spoof film Top Secret!. SpaceX's CEO did not reveal the identity of the cargo during the post-splashdown news conference, for fear of the joke overshadowing the company's accomplishments.
It is a somewhat problematic work for several reasons. For one, it was based in large part on Sudoplatov's memory, 40 years or more after the events which form the bulk of the book. For another, it was written with the help of his son Anatoli and two American writers, Jerrold and Leona Schecter, with Sudoplatov's contributions being a series of interviews, which the others turned into a book. Finally, the Schecters have produced other works on this topic which are problematic._NEWLINE_The book contains a number of incorrect statements. One example is the misidentification of the source codenamed "MLAD" as Bruno Pontecorvo, instead of Theodore Hall. Various reasons for this are possible; for one, as the book was written over 40 years later, Sudoplatov's memory may have been in error. (The transcript of the interview where he made the error records him responding to a question as to whether MLAD was Pontecorvo by saying "I think so; Yes.") Also, Hall was at the time unknown in the West, and Sudoplatov may have wished to protect him. Other mis-statements have been attributed to a desire on the part of Sudoplatov (who never changed his allegiance) to cause trouble in the West._NEWLINE_Still, the book contains a great deal of material that is of value, and even critics who note problems with it feel that it has considerable value. For instance, Alexei Kojevnikov wrote that "Sudoplatov is quite reliable when he writes about his own unit, subordinates and, probably, agents directly connected to it and their assignments." Overall, it is important as a rare, detailed, inside view of the Soviet intelligence agencies during their golden era, and of the power struggles at the top of the Soviet system during and just after the death of Stalin.
The StartSSL certificate was included by default in Mozilla Firefox 2.x and higher, in Apple Mac OS X since version 10.5 (Leopard), all Microsoft operating systems since 24 September 2009, and Opera since 27 July 2010. Since Google Chrome, Apple Safari and Internet Explorer use the certificate store of the operating system, all major browsers previously included support for StartSSL certificates._NEWLINE_On 30 September 2016, during the investigation on WoSign, Apple announced that their software will not accept certificates issued by one of the WoSign certificates after 19 September 2016, and said they will take further action on WoSign/StartCom trust anchors as the investigation progresses._NEWLINE_On 24 October 2016, Mozilla announced on its security blog that, following its discovery of the purchase of StartCom by another Certificate Authority called WoSign during its investigation on numerous issues with that CA, and that both have failed to disclose this transaction, Mozilla will stop trusting certificates that are issued after 21 October 2016 starting with Firefox 51. On 1 November 2016, Google announced that it too would stop trusting certificates issued after 21 October 2016 starting with Chrome 56. Certificates issued before this date may continue to be trusted, for a time, but in subsequent Chrome releases, these exceptions will be reduced and ultimately removed. On 30 November 2016, Apple products will block certificates from WoSign and StartCom root CAs if the "Not Before" date is on or after 1 Dec 2016 00:00:00 GMT/UTC._NEWLINE_As of Version 57, Google Chrome will only trust WoSign/StartCom certificates that were issued to sites in the Alexa Top 1M list, and Chrome 58 will only trust those in the Alexa Top 500k._NEWLINE_On 8 August 2017, Microsoft announced on its Windows Security blog that Windows 10 will not trust any new certificates from WoSign and StartCom after September 2017._NEWLINE_Despite changes to the company's structure, StartCom did not see "any clear indication from the browsers that StartCom would be able to regain the trust" by the browser companies. Therefore, StartCom has halted the issuing of all certificates since January 1, 2018 and will terminate business completely by 2020 by revoking all issued certificates.
"Susila" is said to represent a quality of human beings which enables their behaviour to be 'noble' because they are conscious of what is right and what is wrong. "Budhi" is said to be part of God's authority which was placed inside every creature. When this Budhi is directed voluntarily by people in the direction of God's will, then their lives will supposedly be blessed. "Dharma" is said to be the projection in practical human life of God's blessing. Accordingly, various forms of human activity, including business, arts, education, health and so on, may become outer expressions of the grace that humanity has received within, thereby engendering welfare and happiness. Pak Subuh called this "True Human Culture"._NEWLINE_The word dharma is central to both Hindu and Buddhist thought, and the term Budhi shares a root with the word Buddha. Although the author described himself as a conventional Muslim, the book's name chimes with ancient Indian wisdom. This is consistent with the Wayang stories whose characters (such as The Pandava brothers) and parables Subuh occasionally refers to in his earlier talks. (These popular stories drawn from the Mahābhārata have, for centuries, underpinned and enriched Javanese spirituality.)
The book was written in High-Javanese language and Kawi, and it was reputedly received in the form of a poem, accompanied by traditional Javanese melodies. It was recommended by Pak Subuh as being for only Subud members to read, since people who have not experienced the latihan of Subud might try to understand the book in an analytical way, yet be unable to relate it to their own direct experiences. There is some discussion about this as the Subud association does not aim to be secretive, but also wants to avoid making unverifiable claims. The book was (and is) intended as an optional supplementary guide for people already undertaking their own spiritual journey.
John Bale attributed The Courte of Venus and The Pilgrim's Tale to Chaucer in his Illustriam maioris scriptores...summarium, noting that he saw a quarto edition of The Courte of Venus that included The Pilgrim's Tale, probably Gibson's printed edition of ca. 1536–1540. However, Bale changed the ascription of authorship for Curiam Veneris (his Latin name for The Courte of Venus) to Robert Shyngleton/Singleton ("Robertus Shyngleton, astrorum et theologie peritus, sacerdos, composuit") in his notes in Index Britanniae scriptorum, although his later, 1559 edition of the Illustriam kept it as Chaucer's. It is possible that Shyngleton was the compiler of The Courte of Venus and probably the author of its Prologue (in the Douce fragment) as well as The Pilgrim's Tale. Little is known about Shyngleton, except that he was an Oxford-educated Roman Catholic divine, who may not have graduated. He may have become a Protestant; he was for a time a chaplain to Anne Boleyn, who was sympathetic to the English Protestants. He was tried for treasonable utterances in 1543 and hanged in 1544 with Germain Gardiner and John Larke, an event recorded in John Foxe's Actes and Monuments. Bale recorded that Shyngleton was said to have written a Treatise of the Seven Churches; Of the Holy Ghost; Comment on Certain Prophecies; and Theory of the Earth, which was dedicated to Henry VII and has elsewhere been called Of the Seven Ages of the World. None of these texts exist in print, but Bale wrote that Gibson printed "Shyngleton's De VII Ecclesiis and De Spiritu."_NEWLINE_Thomas Wyatt the Elder was also suggested as the author of The Pilgrim's Tale in the sixteenth century, and five of the poems in The Courte of Venus are definitely his. Francis Thynne, adamant that The Pilgrim's Tale is Chaucer's, denied the Wyatt attribution in his Animadversions upon the Annotations and Corrections of Some Imperfections of Impressions of Chaucer's Works... and claimed that his father, William Thynne, prepared a printed version of Chaucer's works including The Pilgrim's Tale, but Henry VIII would not extend his protection to it because of the reaction he expected it would elicit from the bishops. There is no other record of this Thynne edition; some scholars believe it never existed._NEWLINE_Others have speculated that some real Chaucerian poems may have been included in some versions of The Courte of Venus, but those that have survived are not Chaucer's, except perhaps the Prologue, but this is only a remote possibility. Russell Fraser speculates the following: "About the time of Anne Boleyn's fall in 1536, and concurrent with the Lincolnshire rebellion, Sir Thomas Wyatt recast a number of his poems. Wyatt's revisions were secured by Thomas Gybson, and printed soon afterwards as The Court of Venus in a volume with The Pilgrim's Tale. But the Tale was obnoxious to the clergy, and finally to the Crown, and in the suppression of the volume, which probably followed speedily after publication, the Court, because of its unlucky association with the Tale, was also suppressed" (45).
The Trees & The Wild emerged in 2005 as a home-recording project by Remedy Waloni. In this period, with help from university classmates, which included high school friend Andra Kurniawan, he recorded and posted a number of tracks on Myspace. With Andra Kurniawan they later developed the initial tracks written by Remedy and the first incarnation of the band was born. Local independent label Lil'Fish Records discovered The Trees & The Wild on Myspace in 2008  and recorded those demos the following year, which became an album called Rasuk. In 2010 drummer Hertri Nur Pamungkas joined the group. Soon after, bassist Tyo Prasetya and singer Charita Utami joined the group, completing the line-up._NEWLINE_The band started touring Indonesia in Java and Sulawesi around 2009-2011. And in between, they toured the neighboring countries such as Malaysia and Singapore, including five performances at The Esplanade’s annual Mosaic Music Festival in 2011 and Baybeats Festival in 2012. In 2011, TIME Magazine called the Jakarta-based the must see Asian band of 2011._NEWLINE_In 2012 the band performed at the Urbanscapes Festival in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia,  Reeperbahn Festival in Hamburg, Germany and the Monsters of Pop Festival in Tampere, Finland along with shows in Helsinki and Tallinn, Estonia. During this European tour the band released a limited EP entitled Tuah/Sebak._NEWLINE_At the end of 2012, the band was featured on Vincent Moon's La Blogotheque Take Away Shows, it was filmed during his South-East Asian trip._NEWLINE_2014 saw the band opening for Deerhoof in Singapore. The band also performed at Niubi Festival in Helsinki, Finland._NEWLINE_On August 10, 2016, the band's sophomore album, Zaman, Zaman was announced for release on September 16, 2016. They also released a video for the single Zaman, Zaman._NEWLINE_Zaman, Zaman was released on September 16, 2016, which went straight to No.1 on iTunes’  Alternative charts in  Indonesia and was noted by many as a large stylistic shift for the band, which comprised a more atmospheric and experimental approach. The  album  received  high  appraisals  from  music magazines  in  the  region  and  is  considered one of the best Indonesian albums of 2016.   Following the release, the band toured Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. The band also performed at Clockenflap Festival 2016 in Hong Kong._NEWLINE_In May 2017, The Trees & The Wild opened for Mew on their Asian Tour in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
On 12 March Perch departed Fremantle carrying with her eleven Australasian specialists trained in commando warfare, under the command of Major Donald Stott. On the first night of the mission, in the Makassar Straits, above Balikpapan, Borneo, she landed four of the party (including Stott) who were to make a reconnaissance of the beach and surrounding territory. Coming in close ashore two nights later to disembark the remainder of the party, Perch contacted a 300-ton coastal freighter that threatened to cut off her return to open water. She engaged it with gunfire and the second hit caused the freighter burst into flames and sink. The first party were never heard from again. It was speculated that the engine which powered the officers kyak was heard. Locals believed they had been captured and executed by the Japanese. The second party rowed ashore, and placed their charges to blow up an oil supply pipeline. They were closely chased by Japanese patrols, but escaped by taking a small boat off the island. They were picked up well out to sea by a  Catalina on patrol; only two of the party survived. Perch returned to Fremantle, Western Australia, completing her fifth war patrol._NEWLINE_On 15 April Perch departed Fremantle on her sixth war patrol and journeyed to the Java Sea to hunt out the enemy. When she contacted a convoy of two ships, an alert Japanese escort discovered Perch and subjected her to a severe two-hour depth charging which caused considerable damage throughout the boat. She then sailed to the China coast to patrol off Hainan before returning to Pearl Harbor 5 June.
New Chemical Engineering Laboratories were built. Two Doctoral programs (PhD) were created, one in Economics and the other in Computer Science. In 2002 the Institute of Public Politics was created as well as the Center for Regional Development. A new Optical Communications laboratory was built for the Research Center on Automation Technology. The CAIL, Language Learning and Research Complex (Conjunto para el Aprendizaje e Investigación en Lenguas) was finished in 2005. The Real Madrid Soccer school was established._NEWLINE_In 2006, 11 new bachelor's degrees and 9 master's degree programs opened, including the innovative programs at the undergraduate level in  Nanotechnology and Molecular Engineering, and Culinary Arts. The launching of academic programs for 2007 in Health Sciences: Medicine, Odontology and Nursing was announced. In 2011, the treatment plant of residual waters was inaugurated.
The name "VAX" originated as an acronym for virtual address extension, both because the VAX was seen as a 32-bit extension of the older 16-bit PDP-11 and because it was (after Prime Computer) an early adopter of virtual memory to manage this larger address space._NEWLINE_Early versions of the VAX processor implement a "compatibility mode" that emulates many of the PDP-11's instructions, giving it the 11 in VAX-11 to highlight this compatibility. Later versions offloaded the compatibility mode and some of the less used CISC instructions to emulation in the operating system software.
The VAX instruction set was designed to be powerful and orthogonal. When it was introduced, many programs were written in assembly language, so having a "programmer-friendly" instruction set was important. In time, as more programs were written in higher-level language, the instruction set became less visible, and the only ones much concerned about it were compiler writers._NEWLINE_One unusual aspect of the VAX instruction set is the presence of register masks at the start of each subprogram. These are arbitrary bit patterns that specify, when control is passed to the subprogram, which registers are to be preserved. Since register masks are a form of data embedded within the executable code, they can make linear parsing of the machine code difficult. This can complicate optimization techniques that are applied on machine code.
The  "native" VAX operating system is Digital's VAX/VMS (renamed to OpenVMS in 1991 or early 1992 when it was ported to Alpha, modified to comply with POSIX standards, and "branded" as compliant with XPG4 by the X/Open consortium)._NEWLINE_The VAX architecture and OpenVMS operating system were "engineered concurrently" to take maximum advantage of each other, as was the initial implementation of the VAXcluster facility. Other VAX operating systems have included various releases of BSD UNIX up to 4.3BSD, Ultrix-32, VAXELN, and Xinu. More recently, NetBSD and OpenBSD have supported various VAX models and some work has been done on porting Linux to the VAX architecture.  OpenBSD discontinued support for the architecture in September 2016.
The first VAX model sold was the VAX-11/780, which was introduced on October 25, 1977 at the Digital Equipment Corporation's Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Bill Strecker, C. Gordon Bell's doctoral student at Carnegie Mellon University, was responsible for the architecture.  Many different models with different prices, performance levels, and capacities were subsequently created. VAX superminicomputers were very popular in the early 1980s._NEWLINE_For a while the VAX-11/780 was used as a standard in CPU benchmarks. It was initially described as a one-MIPS machine, because its performance was equivalent to an IBM System/360 that ran at one MIPS, and the System/360 implementations had previously been de facto performance standards. The actual number of instructions executed in 1 second was about 500,000, which led to complaints of marketing exaggeration.  The result was the definition of a "VAX MIPS," the speed of a VAX-11/780; a computer performing at 27 VAX MIPS would run the same program roughly 27 times faster than the VAX-11/780.  Within the Digital community the term VUP (VAX Unit of Performance) was the more common term, because MIPS do not compare well across different architectures.  The related term cluster VUPs was informally used to describe the aggregate performance of a VAXcluster. (The performance of the VAX-11/780 still serves as the baseline metric in the BRL-CAD Benchmark, a performance analysis suite included in the BRL-CAD solid modeling software distribution.) The VAX-11/780 included a subordinate stand-alone LSI-11 computer that performed microcode load, booting, and diagnostic functions for the parent computer. This was dropped from subsequent VAX models. Enterprising VAX-11/780 users could therefore run three different Digital Equipment Corporation operating systems: VMS on the VAX processor (from the hard drives), and either RSX-11S or RT-11 on the LSI-11 (from the single density single drive floppy disk)._NEWLINE_The VAX went through many different implementations. The original VAX 11/780 was implemented in TTL and filled a four-by-five-foot cabinet with a single CPU. CPU implementations that consisted of multiple ECL gate array or macrocell array chips included the VAX 8600 and 8800 superminis and finally the VAX 9000 mainframe class machines. CPU implementations that consisted of multiple MOSFET custom chips included the 8100 and 8200 class machines. The VAX 11-730 and 725 low-end machines were built using bit-slice components._NEWLINE_The MicroVAX I represented a major transition within the VAX family. At the time of its design, it was not yet possible to implement the full VAX architecture as a single VLSI chip (or even a few VLSI chips as was later done with the V-11 CPU of the VAX 8200/8300). Instead, the MicroVAX I was the first VAX implementation to move some of the more complex VAX instructions (such as the packed decimal and related opcodes) into emulation software. This partitioning substantially reduced the amount of microcode required and was referred to as the "MicroVAX" architecture. In the MicroVAX I, the ALU and registers were implemented as a single gate-array chip while the rest of the machine control was conventional logic._NEWLINE_A full VLSI (microprocessor) implementation of the MicroVAX architecture  arrived with the MicroVAX II's 78032 (or DC333) CPU and 78132 (DC335) FPU. The 78032 was the first microprocessor with an on-board memory management unit The MicroVAX II was based on a single, quad-sized processor board which carried the processor chips and ran the MicroVMS or Ultrix-32 operating systems. The machine featured  1 MB of on-board memory and a Q22-bus interface with DMA transfers. The MicroVAX II was succeeded by many further MicroVAX models with much improved performance and memory._NEWLINE_Further VLSI VAX processors followed in the form of the V-11, CVAX, CVAX SOC ("System On Chip", a single-chip CVAX), Rigel, Mariah and NVAX implementations. The VAX microprocessors extended the architecture to inexpensive workstations and later also supplanted the high-end VAX models. This wide range of platforms (mainframe to workstation) using one architecture was unique in the computer industry at that time. Sundry graphics were etched onto the CVAX microprocessor die. The phrase CVAX... when you care enough to steal the very best was etched in broken Russian as a play on a Hallmark Cards slogan, intended as a message to Soviet engineers who were known to be both purloining DEC computers for military applications and reverse engineering their chip design._NEWLINE_In DEC's product offerings, the VAX architecture was eventually superseded by RISC technology. In 1989 DEC introduced a range of workstations and servers that ran Ultrix, the DECstation and DECsystem respectively, based on processors that implemented the MIPS architecture. In 1992 DEC introduced their own RISC instruction set architecture, the Alpha AXP (later renamed Alpha), and their own Alpha-based microprocessor, the DECchip 21064, a high performance 64-bit design capable of running OpenVMS._NEWLINE_In August 2000, Compaq announced that the remaining VAX models would be discontinued by the end of the year.   By 2005 all manufacturing of VAX computers had ceased, but old systems remain in widespread use._NEWLINE_The Stromasys CHARON-VAX and SIMH software-based VAX emulators remain available.
Being a WebSocket sub-protocol, WAMP fits naturally anywhere one would use raw web sockets, as a way to synchronize clients such as Web browsers, push notifications to them and allow soft real-time collaboration between users. It has also the same limitations, requiring client support, which is missing for Internet Explorer versions older than 10. This is mitigated by the existence of polyfills using more portable technologies such as Flash or the use of HTTP Longpoll as a fallback. In that sense, WAMP is a competitor to Meteor's DDP._NEWLINE_WAMP also targets the IoT, where it is used in the same way as MQTT as a light and efficient medium to orchestrate clusters of connected objects. The implementations in various languages make it suitable to control and monitor small devices such as the Raspberry Pi (in Python) or the Tessel (in JavaScript)._NEWLINE_And last but not least, WAMP can act as an enterprise service bus, serving as the link between micro-services like one would do with Corba, ZeroMQ, Apache Thrift, SOAP or AMQP.
The Wyvern began as a Westland project for a naval strike fighter, with the engine located behind the pilot, driving a propeller in the nose via a long shaft that passed under the cockpit floor, similar to the Bell P-39. This enabled the pilot to be located in a position that conferred the best possible visibility over the nose for carrier operations. Official interest resulted in Air Ministry Specification N.11/44 for a long-range naval fighter using the 24-cylinder H-block Rolls-Royce Eagle 22 piston engine (unrelated to the First World War-era engine of the same name) being issued to cover Westland's design. The specification also called for an airframe design that would be able to take a turboprop engine when a suitable unit was available. There was a parallel specification for the Royal Air Force, F.13/44, for which Hawker submitted the competing P.1027, a development of the Tempest. The RAF variant was cancelled, when in 1945 it was decided that all future fighter aircraft would be jet-powered._NEWLINE_The original design soon matured into the more conventional Westland W.34, with the 3,500 hp (2,610 kW) Eagle engine in the nose driving large contra-rotating propellers and the pilot sitting high in a humped fuselage to improve visibility. The design was otherwise orthodox, with a low wing, tailwheel undercarriage and double-folding wings fitted with both Youngman flaps on the inner wing section and conventional flaps on the outer section. The W.34 was to be armed with four Hispano 20 mm cannon in the wings and have the ability to carry a torpedo under the fuselage or a selection of bombs and rockets under the wings._NEWLINE_The prototype W.34; the Wyvern TF.1, first flew at Boscombe Down on 16 December 1946 with Westland's test pilot Harald Penrose at the controls. This aircraft was lost on 15 October 1947 when the propeller bearings failed in flight. Westland's assistant test pilot Sqn. Ldr. Peter Garner was killed attempting to make an emergency landing. From prototype number three onwards, the aircraft were navalised and carried their intended armament._NEWLINE_At around this time, the Eagle engine was cancelled and it was found that there were insufficient pre-production engines available to complete all the prototype and pre-production aircraft. Specification N.12/45 was therefore issued for the Wyvern TF.2, to be powered by a turboprop engine: either the Rolls-Royce Clyde or the Armstrong Siddeley Python. A single Clyde-powered prototype was ordered along with two with Pythons. A Clyde-powered TF.2 first flew on 18 January 1949. Both the piston-powered and turboprop versions shared many common components including wing and tail units, and essentially the same basic cockpit structure. The flight was cut short to only three minutes when shortly after takeoff, the cockpit filled with smoke from a fuel leak onto the exhaust ducting. Clyde development was subsequently cancelled by Rolls-Royce after only 50 hours of flight time for the TF.2, and the aircraft was delivered to Napier & Son to be fitted with the Nomad turbo-compound engine. The latter engine never materialised, however and this aircraft was used for crash barrier trials._NEWLINE_The first Python-powered TF.2 flew on 22 March 1949 and this aircraft introduced the ejection seat to the Wyvern. Twenty TF.2s were completed to the Python design although after three years of testing what was then a revolutionary aircraft design, a myriad of detailed aerodynamic changes resulted. The Python engine responded poorly to minor throttle adjustments, so control was exercised by running the engine at a constant speed and varying the pitch of the propellers. The aircraft was declared ready for service in 1952, but never reached an operational squadron._NEWLINE_The definitive Wyvern model was the TF.4, later S.4. Initially, 50 S.4s were ordered and were joined by the last 7 TF.2s, which were altered while still under construction. S.4s reached limited shore-based front line service in May 1953 with 813 Naval Air Squadron at RNAS Ford, replacing the somewhat similar (and equally troubled) Blackburn Firebrand. Several second-line squadrons also received Wyverns around this time._NEWLINE_Total production was 127 airframes with 124 aircraft completed, as the last three Eagle piston-engined airframes, VR138, -139, and -140, were never completed.
In programming language syntax, spaces are frequently used to explicitly separate tokens. In most languages multiple whitespace characters are treated the same as a single whitespace character (outside of quoted strings); such languages are called free-form. In a few languages, including Haskell, occam, ABC, and Python, whitespace and indentation are used for syntactical purposes. In the satirical language called Whitespace, whitespace characters are the only valid characters for programming, while any other characters are ignored._NEWLINE_Excessive use of whitespace, especially trailing whitespace at the end of lines, is considered a nuisance. However correct use of whitespace can make the code easier to read and help group related logic._NEWLINE_Most languages only recognize ASCII characters as whitespace, or in some cases Unicode newlines as well, but not most of the characters listed above. The C language defines whitespace characters to be "space, horizontal tab, new-line, vertical tab, and form-feed". The HTTP network protocol requires different types of whitespace to be used in different parts of the protocol, such as: only the space character in the status line, CRLF at the end of a line, and "linear whitespace" in header values.
Such usage is similar to multiword file names written for operating systems and applications that are confused by embedded space codes—such file names instead use an underscore (_) as a word separator, as_in_this_phrase._NEWLINE_Another such symbol was U+2422 ␢ BLANK SYMBOL. This was used in the early years of computer programming when writing on coding forms. Keypunch operators immediately recognized the symbol as an "explicit space". It was used in BCDIC, EBCDIC, and ASCII-1963.
Windows Aero (a backronym for Authentic, Energetic, Reflective, and Open) is a design language introduced in the Windows Vista operating system. The changes made in the Aero interface affected many elements of the Windows interface, including the incorporation of a new look, along with changes in interface guidelines reflecting appearance, layout, and the phrasing and tone of instructions and other text in applications._NEWLINE_Windows Aero was in force during the development of Windows Vista and Windows 7. In 2012, with the development of Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012, Microsoft moved on to a design language codenamed "Metro".
Notifications allow an application or operating system component with an icon in the notification area to create a pop-up window with some information about an event or problem. These windows, first introduced in Windows 2000 and known colloquially as "balloons", are similar in appearance to the speech balloons that are commonly seen in comics. Balloons were often criticized in prior versions of Windows due to their intrusiveness, especially with regard to how they interacted with full-screen applications such as games (the entire application was minimized as the bubble came up). Notifications in Aero aim to be less intrusive by gradually fading in and out, and not appearing at all if a full-screen application or screensaver is being displayed—in these cases, notifications are queued until an appropriate time. Larger icons and multiple font sizes and colors are also introduced with Aero's notification windows.
The Vista User Experience Guidelines also address the issue of "tone" in the writing of text used with the Aero user interface. Prior design guidelines from Microsoft had not done much to address the issue of how user interface text is phrased, and as such, the way that information and requests are presented to the user had not been consistent between parts of the operating system._NEWLINE_The guidelines for Vista and its applications suggest messages that present technically accurate advice concisely, objectively, and positively, and assume an intelligent user motivated to solve a particular problem. Specific advice includes the use of the second person and the active voice (e.g. "Print the photos on your camera") and avoidance of words like "please", "sorry" and "thank you".
In November 2010, Fiona Glaser, an x264 developer, published information in which she claims that one of Tandberg Telecom's (a Cisco Systems subsidiary) patent applications from December 2008 contains a step-by-step description of an algorithm she committed to the x264 codebase around two months earlier. This was relayed by media, which remarked that the company who filed the patent was following the x264 project IRC development channel and was known to the project developers, leading to Tandberg claiming that they discovered the algorithm independently.
Preliminary round held by the respective provincial associations. All clubs must play with a home away system, with a standard number of games that run every club must be at least 15 games per season._NEWLINE_Regional round is divided into 6 regional: Sumatra, Java, Borneo, Bali-Nusa, Sulawesi-Maluku, Papua. System home tournament with a round robin format. 2 clubs from each region will qualify for the national round._NEWLINE_National round total of 16 clubs who competed consists of 12 clubs qualify from the regional round as well as four clubs rank 3, 4, 5 and 6 in 2014 First Division. Systems home tournament with a round robin format. The top 6 club gets ticket promotion to the Premier Division next season._NEWLINE_Each team can register one foreign player in this competition.
In formal methods of computer science, an apomorphism (from ἀπό — Greek for "apart") is the categorical dual of a paramorphism and an extension of the concept of anamorphism (coinduction). Whereas a paramorphism models primitive recursion over an inductive data type, an apomorphism models primitive corecursion over a coinductive data type.
Applied mathematics is the application of mathematical methods by different fields such as science, engineering, business, computer science, and industry. Thus, applied mathematics is a combination of mathematical science and specialized knowledge. The term "applied mathematics" also describes the professional specialty  in which mathematicians work on practical problems by formulating and studying mathematical models. _NEWLINE_In the past, practical applications have motivated the development of mathematical theories, which then became the subject of study in pure mathematics where abstract concepts are studied for their own sake. The activity of applied mathematics is thus intimately connected with research in pure mathematics.
Historically, applied mathematics consisted principally of applied analysis, most notably differential equations; approximation theory (broadly construed, to include representations, asymptotic methods, variational methods, and numerical analysis); and applied probability.  These areas of mathematics related directly to the development of Newtonian physics, and in fact, the distinction between mathematicians and physicists was not sharply drawn before the mid-19th century.  This history left a pedagogical legacy in the United States: until the early 20th century, subjects such as classical mechanics were often taught in applied mathematics departments at American universities rather than in physics departments, and fluid mechanics may still be taught in applied mathematics departments. Quantitative finance is now taught in mathematics departments across universities and mathematical finance is considered a full branch of applied mathematics.  Engineering and computer science departments have traditionally made use of applied mathematics.
Historically, mathematics was most important in the natural sciences and engineering. However, since World War II, fields outside the physical sciences have spawned the creation of new areas of mathematics, such as game theory and social choice theory, which grew out of economic considerations._NEWLINE_The advent of the computer has enabled new applications: studying and using the new computer technology itself (computer science) to study problems arising in other areas of science (computational science) as well as the mathematics of computation (for example, theoretical computer science, computer algebra, numerical analysis).  Statistics is probably the most widespread mathematical science used in the social sciences, but other areas of mathematics, most notably economics, are proving increasingly useful in these disciplines.
Academic institutions are not consistent in the way they group and label courses, programs, and degrees in applied mathematics.  At some schools, there is a single mathematics department, whereas others have separate departments for Applied Mathematics and (Pure) Mathematics.  It is very common for Statistics departments to be separated at schools with graduate programs, but many undergraduate-only institutions include statistics under the mathematics department._NEWLINE_Many applied mathematics programs (as opposed to departments) consist of primarily cross-listed courses and jointly appointed faculty in departments representing applications.  Some Ph.D. programs in applied mathematics require little or no coursework outside mathematics, while others require substantial coursework in a specific area of application.  In some respects this difference reflects the distinction between "application of mathematics" and "applied mathematics"._NEWLINE_Some universities in the UK host departments of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics, but it is now much less common to have separate departments of pure and applied mathematics. A notable exception to this is the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at the University of Cambridge, housing the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics whose past holders include Isaac Newton, Charles Babbage, James Lighthill, Paul Dirac and Stephen Hawking._NEWLINE_Schools with separate applied mathematics departments range from Brown University, which has a large Division of Applied Mathematics that offers degrees through the doctorate, to Santa Clara University, which offers only the M.S. in applied mathematics.  Research universities dividing their mathematics department into pure and applied sections include MIT. Brigham Young University also has an Applied and Computational Emphasis (ACME), a program that allows student to graduate with a Mathematics degree, with an emphasis in Applied Math. Students in this program also learn another skill (Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Pure Math, etc.) to supplement their applied math skills.
The line between applied mathematics and specific areas of application is often blurred.  Many universities teach mathematical and statistical courses outside the respective departments, in departments and areas including business, engineering, physics, chemistry, psychology, biology, computer science, scientific computation, and mathematical physics.
Arden syntax is tested for reliability and imprecision using tools lex and Yacc that, when used together, create a compiler or interpreter. Source file is split into tokens by lex and the hierarchical structure of the programme is found by Yacc. These tools reduce ambiguities in the syntax.
Several developers have used yacc-based compilers or similar tools to translate the MLMs to an intermediate form which is executed later. Other developers use Prolog for both parsing and interpretation and optimising MLMs by converting them to single-assignment declarative form._NEWLINE_The open source compiler Arden2ByteCode translates MLMs to Java Bytecode that is executable on the Java Virtual Machine._NEWLINE_The accompanying plugin for Eclipse called Arden4Eclipse supports MLM developers with an integrated development environment (IDE).
Car accidents account for about two percent of deaths globally each year. As such, an intelligent system tracking driver pose may be useful for emergency alerts. Along the same lines, pedestrian detection algorithms have been used successfully in autonomous cars, enabling the car to make smarter decisions.
The Azadî Battalion became part of the Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army in 2016 and took part in Operation Euphrates Shield against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. In course of that campaign, it fought at Jarablus, Azaz and al-Bab. In March 2017, Azad Shabo stated that his militia was supporting the deployment of Rojava Peshmerga to Syria._NEWLINE_In September 2017, someone attempted to assassinate Azad Shabo by placing a bomb under his car, though the explosive device was found and destroyed before it could harm anyone. In early 2018, the Azadî Battalion participated in Operation Olive Branch, causing the pro-PYD Hawar News Agency to claim that Azad Shabo's men acted as "mercenaries" for the Kurdish National Council and Turkey. On the other side, Azad Shabo accused the YPG of being "agents of the Syrian regime" and said that the campaign would not end before Afrin had been captured from the YPG. In another interview, he further stated that "Afrin will return to the arms of the Syrian revolution and will win back the rights of its people. The YPG is no different from Assad’s regime. They have both practiced tyranny and murder against Kurds. Operation Olive Branch will liberate Afrin's inhabitants." An Azadî Battalion commander accused Iran of increasing its presence through proxy militias in southeastern Aleppo in October 2018, claiming that said militias were lawless and not loyal to Syrian authorities.
C11 (formerly C1X) is an informal name for ISO/IEC 9899:2011, a past standard for the C programming language. It replaced C99 (standard ISO/IEC 9899:1999) and has been superseded by C18 (standard ISO/IEC 9899:2018). C11 mainly standardizes features already supported by common contemporary compilers, and includes a detailed memory model to better support multiple threads of execution. Due to delayed availability of conforming C99 implementations, C11 makes certain features optional, to make it easier to comply with the core language standard._NEWLINE_The final draft, N1570, was published in April 2011. The new standard passed its final draft review on October 10, 2011 and was officially ratified by ISO and published as ISO/IEC 9899:2011 on December 8, 2011, with no comments requiring resolution by participating national bodies._NEWLINE_A standard macro __STDC_VERSION__ is defined with value 201112L to indicate that C11 support is available. Some features of C11 are supported by the GCC starting with version 4.6, Clang starting with version 3.1, and IBM XL C starting with version 12.1.
The optional bounds-checking interfaces (Annex K) remain controversial and have not been widely implemented, and their deprecation or removal from the next standard revision has been proposed. (The open-source Open Watcom C/C++ does contain a "Safer C" library that is considered a nearly conforming implementation.)
Candi bentar, or split gateway, is a classical Javanese and Balinese gateway entrance commonly found at the entrance of religious compounds, kraton palaces, or cemeteries. It is basically a candi-like structure split perfectly in two to create a passage in the center for people to walk through. The passage is usually elevated with a flight of stairs to reach it. A candi bentar is commonly found in Java, Bali, and Lombok.
Candi bentar and paduraksa (another gateway structure) are integral features of a Balinese temple architecture, and possibly the classical Javanese Hindu temple. Both gateways mark the threshold between different level of sanctity within a temple compound. Candi bentar marks the boundary between the outer world with the outer realm of the Hindu temple, the nista mandala ("outer sanctum"). The paduraksa marks the boundary between the madya mandala ("middle sanctum") with the innermost and the most sacred utama mandala ("main sanctum")._NEWLINE_The compound within Balinese temples and palaces are usually used for rituals. The candi bentar usually used as a background of dance performances, as the performers appears from behind the split gates. Sometimes the dance performance took place in inner compound with roofed paduraksa gate as a background.
Candi bentar is thought to dates back to the Hindu period of Singhasari and Majapahit in 13th to 14th-century Java. Reliefs showing a candi bentar and paduraksa have been discovered in 13th-century Candi Jago in East Java. _NEWLINE_In the archaeological site of Trowulan – the 14th-century capital of the Majapahit empire – a candi bentar named Wringin Lawang (Javanese "the Banyan Tree Gate"), is among the oldest candi bentar that still stands. The Wringin Lawang took the shape of a typical Majapahit temple structure evenly split into two mirroring structures, creating a passage in the center. The grand gate portals are made from red brick, with a base of 13 x 11 metres and a height of 15.5 metres_NEWLINE_The current prevalence of candi bentar is probably owed to the influence of Majapahit aesthetics on Javanese and Balinese architecture. The candi bentar is still widely used upon the arrival of Islam period in the 15th-century. The Sultanate palace of The Keraton Kasepuhan used candi bentar to mark access into the public audience pavilion._NEWLINE_The 16th-century Menara Kudus Mosque, one of the oldest mosque in Java, still has a candi bentar in its compound, marking the gateway into the mosque compound. A Muslim cemetery complex of Sendang Duwur in the village of Sendang Duwur, Lamongan Regency, East Java, contains both candi bentar and paduraksa to marks the level of sanctity within the cemetery complex, with the tomb of Sunan Sendang Duwur being the most sacred part of the cemetery complex. Other Javanese tombs employing the candi bentar is the Sunan Giri cemetery complex._NEWLINE_In modern period, construction of candi bentar is encouraged by the Indonesian government. This policy is especially encouraged by municipal and regional kabupaten government as a form of regional identity. The government of Banten province for example, encouraged the construction of candi bentar — modelled after Kaibon Palace of Old Banten, in the entrance gate of houses, especially those located along the main road. In the city of Cirebon, West Java, the red brick candi bentar has become the identity of the city. Candi bentar also mark the entrance gateway toward various civic buildings e.g. the Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Jakarta.
Sawyer was born in Scotland, and graduated with a degree in Computer Science and Microprocessor Systems from the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow. Following school, he entered the games industry in 1983, writing games in Z80 machine code on the Memotech MTX home computer, and then the Amstrad CPC series home computer. Some of these were published by Ariolasoft, Sepulcri Scelerati and Ziggurat. From 1988 to 1993, Sawyer worked on MS-DOS conversions of Amiga games and was involved in many projects, including Virus, Conqueror, Campaign, Birds of Prey, Dino Dini's Goal and Frontier: Elite II. He also contributed to the MS-DOS version of Elite Plus. Sawyer's first management simulation game, Transport Tycoon, was released by MicroProse in 1994 and became a classic of the tycoon series of games. A year later, he improved and extended the game, giving it the title Transport Tycoon Deluxe. Sawyer immediately sought to create a sequel._NEWLINE_However, while still working on the basic game engine, Sawyer developed an interest in roller coasters, and changed the project into what would become RollerCoaster Tycoon, originally called White Knuckle before release. Sawyer coded 99% of RollerCoaster Tycoon in x86 assembly language, using only the services of freelance artist Simon Foster and music composer Allister Brimble as needed. After creating RollerCoaster Tycoon, he resumed work on the sequel for Transport Tycoon, but again postponed it to create RollerCoaster Tycoon 2. Upon completing that project, he resumed his work on the Transport Tycoon sequel, finally releasing it in 2004 as Chris Sawyer's Locomotion._NEWLINE_Sawyer also served as a consultant for Atari in the development of RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 done by Frontier Developments. In November 2005, Sawyer sued Atari, claiming that they had failed to pay him certain royalties. Sawyer and Atari settled out of court for an undisclosed amount in February 2008. Due to a combination of the legal issues with Atari, and a general detest of the violent nature of video games, Sawyer temporarily stepped away from video games after the release of Locomotion, until 2010. In 2010, Sawyer founded 31X Ltd. which he initially planned to use as a holding company for the Transport Tycoon intellectual property. However, he saw that there was interest in a mobile version of Transport Tycoon and a space in the market for simulation games like this, and reworked 31X to be a video game developer focused on mobile games. In addition to Sawyer, several others that worked with him on the Tycoon games became part of 31X, including Jacqui Lyons, who worked with Sawyer for more than 20 years, serving as the company's executive producer._NEWLINE_31X's first product was Transport Tycoon for iOS and Android, released in 2013, which was assisted with Origin8. Sawyer continued to work with Origin8 to bring the first two RollerCoaster Tycoon games into RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic released for mobile in December 2016. The game later received ports to Microsoft Windows and macOS in September 2017.
Prior to c. 2006, the market for Cilk was restricted to high-performance computing. The emergence of multicore processors in mainstream computing means that hundreds of millions of new parallel computers are now being shipped every year. Cilk Arts was formed to capitalize on that opportunity: in 2006, Leiserson launched Cilk Arts to create and bring to market a modern version of Cilk that supports the commercial needs of an upcoming generation of programmers. The company closed a Series A venture financing round in October 2007, and its product, Cilk++ 1.0, shipped in December, 2008._NEWLINE_Cilk++ differs from Cilk in several ways: support for C++, support for loops, and hyperobjects –  a new construct designed to solve data race problems created by parallel accesses to global variables. Cilk++ was proprietary software. Like its predecessor, it was implemented as a Cilk-to-C++ compiler. It supported the Microsoft and GNU compilers.
On July 31, 2009, Cilk Arts announced on its web site that its products and engineering team were now part of Intel Corp. In early 2010, the Cilk website at www.cilk.com began redirecting to the Intel website (as of early 2017, the original Cilk website no longer resolves to a host). Intel and Cilk Arts integrated and advanced the technology further resulting in a September 2010 release of Intel Cilk Plus. Cilk Plus adopts simplifications, proposed by Cilk Arts in Cilk++, to eliminate the need for several of the original Cilk keywords while adding the ability to spawn functions and to deal with variables involved in reduction operations. Cilk Plus differs from Cilk and Cilk++ by adding array extensions, being incorporated in a commercial compiler (from Intel), and compatibility with existing debuggers._NEWLINE_Cilk Plus was first implemented in the Intel C++ Compiler with the release of the Intel compiler in Intel Composer XE 2010. An open source (BSD-licensed) implementation was contributed by Intel to the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC), which shipped Cilk Plus support in version 4.9, except for the _Cilk_for keyword, which was added in GCC 5.0. In February 2013, Intel announced a Clang fork with Cilk Plus support. The Intel Compiler, but not the open source implementations, comes with a race detector and a performance analyzer._NEWLINE_Intel later discontinued it, recommending its users switch to instead using either OpenMP or Intel's own TBB library for their parallel programming needs.
In the original MIT Cilk implementation, the first Cilk keyword is in fact cilk, which identifies a function which is written in Cilk. Since Cilk procedures can call C procedures directly, but C procedures cannot directly call or spawn Cilk procedures, this keyword is needed to distinguish Cilk code from C code. Cilk Plus removes this restriction, as well as the cilk keyword, so C and C++ functions can call into Cilk Plus code and vice versa.
Cilk++ added an additional construct, the parallel loop, denoted cilk_for in Cilk Plus. These loops look like_NEWLINE_1 void loop(int *a, int n)2 {3     #pragma cilk grainsize = 100  // optional4     cilk_for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {5         a[i] = f(a[i]);6     }7 }_NEWLINE_This implements the parallel map idiom: the body of the loop, here a call to f followed by an assignment to the array a, is executed for each value of i from zero to n in an indeterminate order. The optional "grain size" pragma determines the coarsening: any sub-array of one hundred or fewer elements is processed sequentially. Although the Cilk specification does not specify the exact behavior of the construct, the typical implementation is a divide-and-conquer recursion, as if the programmer had written_NEWLINE_static void recursion(int *a, int start, int end){_NEWLINE_    if (end - start <= 100) {  // The 100 here is the grainsize._NEWLINE_        for (int i = start; i < end; i++) {_NEWLINE_            a[i] = f(a[i]);_NEWLINE_        }_NEWLINE_    }_NEWLINE_    else {_NEWLINE_        int midpoint = start + (end - start) / 2;_NEWLINE_        cilk_spawn recursion(a, start, midpoint);_NEWLINE_        recursion(a, midpoint, end);_NEWLINE_        cilk_sync;_NEWLINE_    }}void loop(int *a, int n){_NEWLINE_    recursion(a, 0, n);}_NEWLINE_The reasons for generating a divide-and-conquer program rather than the obvious alternative, a loop that spawn-calls the loop body as a function, lie in both the grainsize handling and in efficiency: doing all the spawning in a single task makes load balancing a bottleneck._NEWLINE_A review of various parallel loop constructs on HPCwire found the cilk_for construct to be quite general, but noted that the Cilk Plus specification did not stipulate that its iterations need to be data-independent, so a compiler cannot automatically vectorize a cilk_for loop. The review also noted the fact that reductions (e.g., sums over arrays) need additional code.
Intel Cilk Plus adds notation to express high-level operations on entire arrays or sections of arrays; e.g., an axpy-style function that is ordinarily written_NEWLINE_ // y ← α x + y_NEWLINE_ void axpy(int n, float alpha, const float *x, float *y)_NEWLINE_ {_NEWLINE_     for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {_NEWLINE_         y[i] += alpha * x[i];_NEWLINE_     }_NEWLINE_ }_NEWLINE_can in Cilk Plus be expressed as_NEWLINE_y[0:n] += alpha * x[0:n];_NEWLINE_This notation helps the compiler to effectively vectorize the application. Intel Cilk Plus allows C/C++ operations to be applied to multiple array elements in parallel, and also provides a set of built-in functions that can be used to perform vectorized shifts, rotates, and reductions. Similar functionality exists in Fortran 90; Cilk Plus differs in that it never allocates temporary arrays, so memory usage is easier to predict.
Established in 1968, the College of Engineering is distributed across six departments; chemical biological and bio engineering; civil, architectural and environmental engineering; computer science; electrical and computer engineering; industrial and systems engineering; and mechanical engineering and the interdisciplinary computational science and engineering program. The College of Engineering has consistently ranked 1st in the nation for the number of degrees awarded to African Americans at the undergraduate level for 13 consecutive years and has been the leading producer of African American female engineers at the baccalaureate level in the U.S. for at least eight consecutive years._NEWLINE_As of 2013, the College of Engineering has a total enrollment of 1,549 students with 1,297 undergraduates and 307 students enrolled in the graduate program.  In the 2011-2012 academic year, the university awarded 199 bachelor's, 60 master's, and 15 doctoral degrees from the college._NEWLINE_The current Dean of the College of Engineering is Dr. Robin N. Coger. Under Dr. Coger's leadership the College continues to implement several initiatives designed to facilitate and showcase College's excellence, in line with the University's Preeminence 2020 strategic plan and the College's strategic priorities. Prior to joining A&T's faculty in July 2011, Dr. Coger served as the Founder and Director of the Center for Biomedical Engineering Systems (now the Center for Biomedical Engineering and Science) and was a Professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering and Engineering Science (MEES) at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.
In operations research, applied mathematics and theoretical computer science, combinatorial optimization  is a topic that consists of finding an optimal object from a finite set of objects. In many such problems, exhaustive search is not tractable. It operates on the domain of those optimization problems in which the set of feasible solutions is discrete or can be reduced to discrete, and in which the goal is to find the best solution.  Some common problems involving combinatorial optimization are the travelling salesman problem ("TSP"), the minimum spanning tree problem ("MST"), and the knapsack problem._NEWLINE_Combinatorial optimization is a subset of mathematical optimization that is related to operations research, algorithm theory, and computational complexity theory. It has important applications in several fields, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, auction theory, and software engineering._NEWLINE_Some research literature considers discrete optimization to consist of integer programming together with combinatorial optimization (which in turn is composed of optimization problems dealing with graph structures) although all of these topics have closely intertwined research literature. It often involves determining the way to efficiently allocate resources used to find solutions to mathematical problems.
Another approach uses selection algorithms such as ENSEMBLE and ASTEROIDS. Calculation procedures first generate a pool of random conformers (initial pool) so that they sufficiently sample the conformation space. The selection algorithms start by choosing a smaller set of conformers (an ensemble) from the initial pool. Experimental parameters (NMR/SAXS) are calculated (usually by some theoretical prediction methods) for each conformer of chosen ensemble and averaged over ensemble. The difference between these calculated parameters and true experimental parameters is used to make an error function and the algorithm selects the final ensemble so that the error function is minimised.
The avenue of araucarias along with canna beds on either sides of the road from the Central Public Library to Hudson circle, avenue of Swieteninas in the Northern side of the park, the Java fig avenue along the road leading to the Government Museum, polyalthia avenue along the road from Queen Victoria’s statue to King Edward VII's statue and the chestnut tree avenue from the Chamarajendra statue to Siddalingaiah circle are testimony to the botanical richness of the park. Other attractions at the Park are the Ringwood circle, lotus pond and bamboo grove nook.
DSatur is a graph colouring algorithm put forward by Daniel Brélaz in 1979. Similarly to the greedy algorithm, DSatur colours the vertices of a graph one after another, expending a previously unused colour when needed. Once a new vertex has been coloured, the algorithm determines which of the remaining uncoloured vertices has the highest number of colours in its neighbourhood and colours this vertex next. Brélaz defines this number as the degree of saturation of a given vertex. The contraction of the degree of saturation forms the name of the algorithm. DSatur is a heuristic graph colouring algorithm, yet produces exact results for bipartite, cycle, and wheel graphs. DSatur has also been referred to as saturation LF in the literature.
The worst-case complexity of DSatur is Ο(n²), however in practical some additional expenses result from the need for holding the degree of saturation of the uncoloured vertices. DSatur has been proven to be exact for bipartite graphs, as well as for cycle and wheel graphs. In an empirical comparison by Lewis 2015, DSatur produced significantly better vertex colourings than the greedy algorithm on random graphs with edge probability p = 0.5 at varying number of vertices, while in turn producing significantly worse colourings than the Recursive Largest First algorithm.
The base Descent II game was released for MS-DOS, Mac OS and the Acorn Archimedes in 1996. Windows support was also made available. Later in 1996 came Descent Mission Builder 2, a Descent and Descent II level editor from third-party developer Brainware. It is also capable of converting Descent levels into Descent II levels._NEWLINE_On November 15, 1996  came Descent II: Vertigo Series, an add-on for Descent II. It contains 23 new levels, two new multiplayer game types, new music, enemies, boss AI and Descent Mission Builder 2. Vertigo series was also released on the same day as a bundle including a Windows 95 upgrade of the base game, The Vertigo Series, and Descent Mission Builder 2, titled Descent II: The Infinite Abyss._NEWLINE_On April 30 in the U.S. and May 1, 1997 in the UK, the PlayStation version of Descent II, known as Descent Maximum was released. Instead of a straight port, it included new levels (for a total of 30), textures and FMV over the PC version of Descent II. On October 29, 1997 Descent I and II: The Definitive Collection was released. A compilation, it contains the full version of Descent, Descent II and Descent II: Vertigo Series. In 1998, Descent II was released in a standalone jewel case (as opposed to a box) by SoftKey, with an AOL trial offered on-disc._NEWLINE_After the game's initial DOS release, a patch was issued to add support for early 3D accelerators running the S3 ViRGE chipset. Patches (also from Parallax) added Rendition Vérité and 3Dfx Voodoo support further down the line, and the Macintosh version could use RAVE-compatible 3D acceleration as well.  Additionally, an unofficial 3Dfx version, known as "D2_3DFX", was released with Parallax's permission by a member of the 3Dfx developer team, which provided full support for the Voodoo 1 and Voodoo 2 expansion cards and the Voodoo 3 all-in-one graphics card.  This version produced higher frame rates and higher-quality graphics compared to the official Parallax version, and was supported by members of the online community._NEWLINE_In 1998, the Descent II source code, like that of Descent before it, was released to the general public, leading to several community patch projects that are fully compatible with modern versions of Windows.
In Central Asia, dholes primarily inhabit mountainous areas; in the western half of their range, they live mostly in alpine meadows and high-montane steppes high above sea level, while in the east, they mainly range in montane taigas, though they may appear along coastlines. In India, Myanmar, Indochina, Indonesia and China, they prefer forested areas in alpine zones and occasionally also in plains regions._NEWLINE_The dhole might still be present in the Tunkinsky National Park in extreme southern Siberia near Lake Baikal. It possibly still exists in the Primorsky Krai province in far eastern Russia, where it was considered a rare and endangered species in 2004, with unconfirmed reports in the Pikthsa-Tigrovy Dom protected forest area; no sighting was reported in other areas such as the Mataisky Zakaznik forest since the late 1970s._NEWLINE_Currently, no other recent reports are confirmed of dhole being present in Russia, with no recent reports from Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan or Tajikistan, though one specimen was caught in southern China's Jiangxi district. Also, in 2011 to 2013, local government officials and herders reported the presence of several packs at altitudes of 2,000 to 3,500 m near the Taxkorgan Reserve in the Karakoram/Pamir Mountains region of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region, on China's border with Pakistan, Tajikistan, and Afghanistan._NEWLINE_Dholes have been also recently reported from the Altyn-Tagh (Altun) Mountains in the southern portion of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region close to Tibet, as well. It is unknown if dholes continue to inhabit the Tian Shan, though they occur in small numbers in the Gansu Province, with one pack being sighted in the Qilian Mountains within that province in 2006; camera-trap surveys in the Yanchiwan National Nature Reserve in the northern edge of the Gansu Province in 2013–2014 confirmed the continued presence of several packs and a female adult with pups in this area at altitudes around 2,500 to 4,000 m._NEWLINE_Dholes still occur in Tibet and possibly also in North Korea. They once occurred in the alpine steppes extending into Kashmir to the Ladakh area, but have not been recorded in Pakistan._NEWLINE_They occur in most of India south of the Ganges, particularly in the Central Indian Highlands and the Western and Eastern Ghats. In northeast India, it is present in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, and West Bengal and in the Indo-Gangetic Plain's Terai region. Dhole populations in the Himalayas and northwest India are fragmented._NEWLINE_In 2011, dhole packs were recorded by camera traps in the Chitwan National Park. Its presence was confirmed in the Kanchenjunga Conservation Area in 2011 by camera traps._NEWLINE_In Bhutan, dholes have recovered from a poisoning campaign during the 1970s and became re-established in the 1990s. Today they occur in the Jigme Dorji National Park._NEWLINE_Dholes still occur in northeastern Bangladesh's forest reserves in the Sylhet area, as well the Chittagong Hill Tracts in the southeast. These zones are unlikely to contain viable populations, considering most sightings involve small groups or solitary specimens, and they are likely decreasing in number due to the lack of prey._NEWLINE_The presence of dholes in Myanmar was confirmed by camera-trapping in 11 areas, and alongside leopards, have apparently replaced tigers as the country's top predators. In 2015, dholes and tigers were recorded by camera-traps for the first time in the hill forests of Karen State._NEWLINE_Their range is highly fragmented in the Malaysian Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Vietnam and Thailand. In 2014, camera-trap videos in the montane tropical forests at 2,000 m in the Kerinci Seblat National Park in Sumatra revealed the continued presence of this species. A camera-trapping survey in the Khao Ang Rue Nai Wildlife Sanctuary in Thailand from January 2008 to February 2010 revealed at least one healthy dhole pack. In northern Laos, dholes have been studied (2012) in protected areas._NEWLINE_A disjunct population of this species has been reported from the area of Trabzon and Rize in northeastern Turkey near the border with Georgia in the 1990s by two Turkish zoologists. Some authorities have accepted this report, but others considered it to be unreliable. Also, one single individual was claimed to have been shot in 2013 in the nearby Kabardino-Balkaria Republic (a subject republic of Russia immediately north of Georgia in the Central Caucasus); its remains (including a skull) were analysed by a biologist from the Kabardino-Balkarian State University in May 2015, who concluded the skull was from a dhole. Recently, in August 2015, researchers from the National Museum of Natural History from Sofia, Bulgaria (including Dr. Nikolai Spassov, the current director of this museum) and the Karadeniz Technical University began an expedition to track and document this possible Turkish population of dhole. On October 12, 2015, this research team reported the preliminary conclusion that no real evidence exists of a living population of the dhole in Turkey (or in the Kabardino-Balkaria Republic), pending DNA analysis of samples from the original 1994 Serez-Eroglu skins.
Prey animals in India include chital, sambar deer, muntjac, mouse deer, barasingha, wild boar, gaur, water buffaloes, banteng, cattle, nilgai, goats, Indian hares, Himalayan field rats and langurs. There is one record of a pack bringing down an Indian elephant calf in Assam, despite desperate defense of the mother, resulting in numerous losses to the pack. In Kashmir, they prey on markhor, and thamin in Myanmar, Malayan tapir, Sumatran serow in Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula and Javan rusa in Java. In the Tian Shan and Tarbagatai Mountains, dholes prey on Siberian ibexes, arkhar, roe deer, maral and wild boar. In the Altai and Sayan Mountains, they prey on musk deer and reindeer. In eastern Siberia, they prey on roe deer, Manchurian wapiti, wild pig, musk deer and reindeer, while in Primorye they feed on sika deer and goral. In Mongolia, they prey on argali and rarely Siberian ibex. _NEWLINE_Like African wild dogs, but unlike wolves, dholes are not known to attack people. Dholes eat fruit and vegetable matter more readily than other canids. In captivity, they eat various kinds of grasses, herbs and leaves, seemingly for pleasure rather than just when ill. In summertime in the Tian Shan Mountains, dholes eat large quantities of mountain rhubarb. Although opportunistic, dholes have a seeming aversion to hunting cattle and their calves. Livestock predation by dholes has been a problem in Bhutan since the late 1990s, as domestic animals are often left outside to graze in the forest, sometimes for weeks at a time. Livestock stall-fed at night and grazed near homes are never attacked. Oxen are killed more often than cows, probably because they are given less protection.
Direct Internet Message Encapsulation (DIME) was a Microsoft-proposed internet standard in the early 2000s for the streaming of binary and other encapsulated data over the Internet._NEWLINE_According to the IETF web site, the standard has been withdrawn and never made RFC status. However, Microsoft did at one time recommend DIME for transmitting files via Web services. It was also used in Java EE, but differences in the implementation of the protocol made it difficult._NEWLINE_The first version was submitted to the IETF in November 2001; the last update was submitted in June 2002. By December 2003, DIME had lost out, in competition with Message Transmission Optimization Mechanism and SOAP with Attachments.  Microsoft now describes DIME as "superseded by the SOAP Message Transmission Optimization Mechanism (MTOM) specification"_NEWLINE_The standard was intended to be an improved version of MIME. In particular a difficulty with MIME is that each message must be encoded as text and that its sections are separated by a separator given in the message header. This means the entire stream of data must be known to the sender before starting the communication, so as to choose a separator that does not occur in the data. This is not useful if the entire stream is not available when the communication is initiated, or when searching it is expensive. DIME is more oriented to streaming, allowing, for example, a receiver to process chunks of the message as they arrive without having to wait for the entire message.
Donald Goldfarb (born August 14, 1941 in New York City) is an American mathematician, best known for his works in mathematical optimization and numerical analysis._NEWLINE_Goldfarb studied chemical engineering at Cornell University in 1963 and Princeton University in 1965, obtaining a doctorate in 1966. After obtaining a PhD degree from Princeton, Goldfarb spent two years as a post-doc at the Courant Institute. In 1968, he co-founded the CS Department at the City College of New York, serving 14 years on its faculty. During the 1979-80 academic year, he was a Visiting Professor in the CS and ORIE Departments at Cornell University. In 1982, Goldfarb joined the IEOR Department at Columbia, serving as Chair from 1984-2002. He also served as Interim Dean of Columbia's School of Engineering and Applied Science during the 1994-95 and 2012-13 academic years and its Executive Vice Dean during the Spring 2012 semester._NEWLINE_He is one of the developers of the Broyden–Fletcher–Goldfarb–Shanno algorithm. In 1992, he and J. J. Forrest developed the steepest edge simplex method._NEWLINE_Goldfarb is a SIAM Fellow. He was awarded the INFORMS John Von Neumann Theory Prize in 2017, the Khachiyan Prize in 2013, the INFORMS Prize for Research Excellence in the Interface between OR and CS in 1995, and was listed in The Worlds Most Influential Scientific Minds, 2014, as being among the 99 most cited mathematicians between 2002 and 2012. Goldfarb has served as an editor-in-chief of Mathematical Programming, an editor of the SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis and the SIAM Journal on Optimization, and as an associate editor of Mathematics of Computation, Operations Research and Mathematical Programming Computation.
He belonged to the family of the name settled in Hampshire and Sussex. He was captain in the Low Countries in 1591, and was continued in the queen's pay till September 1598, in which year he commanded a company of foot in Ostend, but he is not named on any service, except as commanding the ship Moon on the Islands Voyage, under Robert Devereux, Earl of Essex, in 1597._NEWLINE_In 1593 he represented Bramber in parliament, and is usually described as being from Hamondes, Sussex. In 1599 he served with Essex in Ireland, and was knighted by him at Dublin on 5 August. On 16 October 1599, Lord Buckhurst, the Lord High Treasurer, recommended him to the newly formed East India Company (EIC) as 'principal commander' for their first voyage. The promoters declined, not wishing to employ any gentleman in a place of charge or command in the voyage._NEWLINE_A year later Lord Buckhurst wrote again to the same effect, 'using much persuasion to the company,' who resolved as before, praying the lord treasurer 'to give them leave to sort their business with men of their own quality'. Michelborne was, however, permitted to subscribe, and in the list of those to whom the charter was granted his name stands fourth. Meanwhile, James Lancaster was appointed general or commander of the first voyage._NEWLINE_In February 1601 he was implicated in the Earl of Essex's rebellion, and possibly took part in the detention of the Lord Keeper, Thomas Egerton, and Lord Chief Justice on the 8th. On this charge he was examined before the commissioners, when he was described as of Clayton, Suffolk. He escaped with a fine of £200 after claiming that he had gone to the Earl's house to hear a sermon, but returned home on hearing of Queen Elizabeth's order to arrest Essex._NEWLINE_Nevertheless, the East India Company thought it a favourable opportunity to get rid of him, particularly as he had failed to pay the subscription owing for the first voyage. As a result, on 6 July 1601 the EIC resolved that he was 'disfranchised out of the freedom and privileges of the fellowship, and utterly disabled from taking any benefit or profit thereby'._NEWLINE_Meanwhile, by 1603, King James I, anxious to capture the spice trade, was concerned that since the original granting of the EIC charter only two voyages had been made out of what should have been six. As a result, in 1604 the King gave Michelborne a license 'to discover the countries of Cathay, China, Japan, Corea, and Cambay, and the islands and countries thereto adjoining, and to trade with the people there, notwithstanding any grant or charter to the contrary'. Michelborne therefore became the first 'interloper', unlawfully trading in breach of the EIC's monopoly. On 5 December 1604 Michelborne sailed in command of the Tiger, having with him as pilot John Davis and a second ship the Tiger's Whelp. Though nominally undertaken for discovery and trade, plunder seems to have been the object of the voyage. Michelborne set about robbing the native traders of the Indian Archipelago causing the EIC serious hindrance._NEWLINE_At Bantam, between 28 October and 2 November 1605, he put a summary check on the ambitions of the Dutch, but the service which he thus rendered the English merchants was more than counterbalanced by his plundering a richly laden China ship on her way to Java. Dutch reprisals for his attacks on them would end in the 1623 Amboyna massacre. Michelborne then made a serious error in allowing Japanese pirates aboard the Tiger. They attacked the crew, killed Davis and were only repelled by cannons being fired through a cabin wall, which tore them to pieces. Only one man survived, whom Michelborne ordered hung from the yardarm, but the rope snapped and he fell into the sea._NEWLINE_The sad death of Davis, the representations of the merchants, and the improbability of further gain, led to his return to England, where he arrived on 9 July 1606. The incensed EIC complained to the Privy Council and now realised the need to consolidate and strengthen its position in the Spice Islands. William Keeling was then despatched on what would be the Company's third voyage._NEWLINE_Three years after Michelborne's departure from Bantam the agent of the company had still to write of the bad effects of his voyage; the position of the English there would be very dangerous, he said, if 'any more such as he be permitted to do as he did'. Michelborne after his return seems to have been settled in or near London, and to have died about 1611._NEWLINE_In his will dated 22 March 1609 he left a total of £55 to the poor of the Sussex parishes of Clayton, Penshurst and Lickfold. A debt of £400 owed to him by Lord Buckhurst is also mentioned. Michelborne was interred in Hackney, London, where he owned a house and land.
In several languages, such as Common Lisp, Clojure, Lua, Perl, Python, Ruby, and JavaScript, the OR operator (typically || or or) has the same behavior as the above: returning its first operand if it would evaluate to true in a boolean environment, and otherwise evaluating and returning its second operand. When the left hand side is true, the right hand side is not even evaluated; it is "short-circuited."
The Escuela Superior Latinoamericana de Informática (Spanish for "Latin American Superior School of Informatics", ESLAI) was an Argentine undergraduate school of computer science established in 1986. Classes were held in a former countryhouse at the Pereyra Iraola Park in Buenos Aires Province, at approximately 40 km from Buenos Aires._NEWLINE_The school had Argentine mathematician Manuel Sadosky among its main founders. In spite of its short life, it had a considerable impact on informatics teaching and research in Argentina and South America. ESLAI courses were attended by students from several Spanish-speaking countries in South America such as Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia and Venezuela. All students had a full scholarship and the admission process was passed by about 15% of applicants._NEWLINE_The school established cooperation programs with a number of foreign universities in the Americas as well as in Europe. Those agreements sponsored important visitors to the school, such as Alberto O. Mendelzon, Jean-Raymond Abrial, Ugo Montanari, Carlo Ghezzi and Giorgio Ausiello, and enabled its students to attend graduate school at foreign universities._NEWLINE_The school had a remarkable European influence and was oriented towards theoretical aspects of computer science, such as typed lambda calculus, formal verification, and Martin-Löf's intuitionistic type theory._NEWLINE_Unfortunately, the school was never able to develop a relationship with local companies, which in an emergent economy like Argentina's is essential to be involved with more practical problems. Without financial support, ESLAI had to close down in September 1990 during the presidency of Carlos Menem.
Fluxx was created by Andrew Looney on July 24, 1996 as the first game for his and his wife's part-time game design company, Looney Laboratory. The original print run was for 5,000 units and was released in 1997._NEWLINE_The game was successful and was licensed a year later to Iron Crown Enterprises (ICE) for wider distribution. ICE went bankrupt two years later and Looney Labs resumed publication and distribution. By March 2001, Labs was considering putting out another standalone deck version called Fluxx++ using card created by the Fluxx playing community with Fluxx Blanxx and Fluxx: Goals Galore, an expansion consisting of goal cards, based on its Origins 2000 5 Goal cards promo pack.  Labs created Fluxx Lite, a slimmed down 56 card deck to lower the price for discount superstores, in design by March 2002._NEWLINE_In 2003, Amigo Games, a German game company, licensed and published a German language version of Fluxx. The in design Fluxx Reduxx was indefinitely placed on hold as of July 14, 2005 to focus on EcoFluxx. Looney Labs registered the Fluxx trademark. By October 2005, Stoner Fluxx had been released and EcoFluxx was in play testing, and scheduled to be released later that month followed by Family Fluxx._NEWLINE_In November 2006, Looney Labs issued a Spanish language edition of the game. The October 10, 2007 release of a zombie-themed version brought the first of a new card type, the Creeper and Ungoal. In 2008, Toy Vault and Looney Labs co-published and released Monty Python Fluxx. Fluxx edition 4 was released in December 2008 and was the first set to have the Meta Rule subtype card, which stemmed from a Fluxx Tournament rule._NEWLINE_In 2008, Zombie Fluxx won the Origins Award for Traditional Card Game of the Year. Stoner Fluxx was placed back in print under the Full Baked Ideas imprint of Looney Labs on November 13, 2009 after being out of print for four years. Full Baked was launched with expectation of a future release of a drinking variant and other mature subject versions._NEWLINE_Two variants were re-released on March 5, 2010, EcoFluxx and Family Fluxx, with Eco being a new edition. In February 2011, the Surprise subtype of cards were introduced in the Pirate Fluxx themed variant. In March 2011, the German language version 2nd edition was released by Pegasus Games. By May 2011 over 1 million decks of all Fluxx versions had been sold while Pirate Fluxx was getting into bookstores that month._NEWLINE_On August 1, 2012, Looney Labs got a simplified, less expensive general market version with redesigned packaging of Fluxx into Target stores. For the summer 2012, Fluxx was number 10 in ICv2's Top 10 Card/Building Games (hobby channel)._NEWLINE_A Cartoon Network version of the game was made available as a Target exclusive from mid-August 2014 until Easter 2015, while in July the Regular Show Fluxx was released to the hobby market. The fifth edition of the regular Fluxx game was made available beginning in 2014 as the 4.0 edition ran out. Looney Labs teamed up with The Doubleclicks for a Fluxx theme song._NEWLINE_A new expansion of the game, Fluxx Dice, plus two new licensed variants were scheduled to be released in the summer of 2015. With a delay of the first variant to be released at the polled requested of the retailers, Looney Labs pushed back the dice and the other variant to stagger the releases to spread out the impact._NEWLINE_A series of educational variants were released in 2017 and 2018. In partnership with Gale Force 9, two Fluxx versions of Star Trek will be released in August 2018.
Fluxx was available to play for free via the volity network and was also available to be played online via the CCG Workshop, using the gatlingEngine to adjudicate most of its rules automatically. However, both Volity.net and CCG Workshop are no longer operating._NEWLINE_In December 2012, Fluxx was released by Playdek as an app on iOS operating systems (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Apple TV) by purchasing it from the Apple App Store. It uses the "mass market" deck developed for Target Stores, removing some of the more esoteric themes (such as Cthulhu) and complex rule cards.
Fort Lee Air Force Station, located on the United States Army Fort Lee installation,  was selected in 1956 for a Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system direction center (DC) site, designated DC-04.  The SAGE system was a network linking Air Force (and later FAA) General Surveillance Radar stations into a centralized center for Air Defense, intended to provide early warning and response for a Soviet nuclear attack. This automated control system was used by NORAD for tracking and intercepting enemy bomber aircraft. In the later versions the system could automatically direct aircraft to an interception by sending instructions directly to the aircraft's autopilot._NEWLINE_The 4625th Air Defense Wing was activated at the site under the 85th Air Division on 1 December 1956 to supervise the construction of the SAGE blockhouses and the installation and testing of the SAGE electronic and data processing equipment.  The 4625th ADW was re-designated as the Washington Air Defense Sector (WaADS) on 8 January 1957 upon DC-04's activation, remaining under the 85th AD._NEWLINE_The operation of the Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) direction center (DC-04) was the mission the WaADS.  The Sector was disestablished on 1 April 1966, the SAGE operations were reassigned to the 33d Air Division, being moved to Fort Lee AFS from Richards-Gebaur AFB, Missouri.  The 33d AD was inactivated on 19 November 1969, its assets being assumed by the newly reactivated 20th Air Division at Fort Lee AFS_NEWLINE_The DC-04 and the 20th Air Division were inactivated on 1 March 1983 by Air Defense, Tactical Air Command (ADTAC).  With its inactivation, Fort Lee Air Force Station was closed.   After its closure, the site was taken over by other Federal Government agencies, and is now houses several such offices. Only the orderly room, mess hall and one barracks building still stand of the Air Force station._NEWLINE_The SAGE blockhouse also stands, now named Von Steuben Hall, it contains the  U.S. Army Communications-Electronics Command (CECOM) Software Engineering Center - Lee (SEC-Lee).
The laboratory’s multi-disciplinary research skills include battlefield command and control simulation and analysis, analysis and modeling of complete air & missile defense systems, sensor and fuze simulation and analysis and aviation mission planning software engineering. Other research involves field and hardware-in-the-loop testing of air defense weapons equipment, wargaming and force-on-force simulations, guidance and control simulations, and tactical software development.
Raised in Palo Alto, California, Mulligan attended Henry M. Gunn High School. He graduated from the United States Air Force Academy in 1979 with a bachelor's degree in computer science and a Master Of Science (M.S.) from the University of Denver.
While in the Air Force, he worked on the ARPAnet. _NEWLINE_The ARPAnet evolved into the Defense Data Network, where he worked on security and performance and also designed and directed installation of the Pentagon data networks that used cable TV technology._NEWLINE_Mulligan returned to the Air Force Academy, where he oversaw the design and installation of the Academy's local area network, FALCONnet._NEWLINE_In 1990, Mulligan joined Digital Equipment Corporation in Palo Alto. He focused on network security, electronic mail, TCP/IP networking, networking tools and firewall technology. He worked on the DEC SEAL firewall, and on the IPv6 protocol working group._NEWLINE_Mulligan began working at Sun Microsystems in 1992. He developed and maintained the Solaris TCP/IP utilities and kernel.  He also worked on Sun's wide area network and firewall complex. He continued with the IPv6 design team and wrote a PC-based implementation, called N6AFV, along with a packet decoder, and worked on the development of an IPv4/IPv6 border gateway. He was the principal architect of Sun's firewall product, Sunscreen SPF 100._NEWLINE_Mulligan further developed Sunscreen, adding network address translation, an internal Java interpreter and topology hiding technologies.    In 1997, he created HZ.COM, an electronic mail information retrieval system for two-way pagers and early cellular phones.  When the HZ.COM domain was hijacked in 2002, the incident was featured in the International Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) Security and Stability Advisory Committee's report of 2005.  He took a sabbatical from Sun to start USA.net, one of the first e-mail outsourcing providers. He left Sun to co-found Geocast Network Systems, where he was responsible for operating system design and support, as well as network architecture for the evolving Internet multicast communication technology that the company was developing.  Following Geocast, Mulligan co-founded Interosa as chief technology officer and, subsequently, chief executive. Interosa was building a new policy-based privacy technology for digital content and an email privacy system that was based on their new technology. The company was shut down in November 2000._NEWLINE_In 2001, Mulligan was hired by Invensys as the chief scientist for the Home Controls Division, where he worked on resource and energy management technology, including home gateway design and development, web-based tools, and low-power, low-speed, low-cost wireless networks such as the IEEE 802.15 standards marketed with the Zigbee trademark. Invensys worked on a project to put wireless IPv6 communications in smoke alarms and appliances._NEWLINE_He was one of the founding board members of the Zigbee Alliance and was co-chair of the 6LoWPAN Working Group in the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).  He was instrumental in the design of the IPv6 protocol and created and named 6LoWPAN. In 2006, he started the firm Proto6, consulting for companies and the US Department of Defense._NEWLINE_Mulligan worked with others to launch the Internet Protocol for Smart Objects (IPSO) Alliance in 2008._NEWLINE_In June 2013, Mulligan became one of the second round of Presidential Innovation Fellows, working at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)  and was co-creator of the White House's SmartAmerica Challenge. He is currently serving as the US representative to the ISO Strategic Advisory Group on Smart and Sustainable Cities and is also currently serving as the Chairman of the LoRa Alliance and on the Board of Directors for the IPSO Alliance.
The company was founded by Oswald Yeo, Looi Qin En and Seah Ying Cong, who met back in high school, Hwa Chong Institution. Aged 22, 21 and 21 respectively, they were the youngest entrepreneurs in the Joyful Frog Digital Incubator (JFDI) program. Wong Yong Jie and Steve Sutanto joined and cofounded the technology team and Indonesia business respectively in 2014 and 2015._NEWLINE_They discovered that there are 75 million unemployed young people worldwide and many employers are struggling to fill entry-level vacancies. Glints sought to bridge this mismatch between employer needs and young, skilled talent. Initially, Glints began by assisting their friends' search for internships by building up their career readiness through practical & real-world experiences. In August 2013 glints started off with 38 people in google spreadsheets and as of April 2015 it had grown to over 7000 active members. The trio have put their computer science degrees and scholarships on hold at Stanford, University of California Berkeley, and Wharton Business School respectively, in order to pursue the business. Glints' mission is to bridge the gap between education and employment by being a professional platform for young people focused on career discovery and development._NEWLINE_In 2017, Looi Qin En left the company, citing "creative friction" . Meanwhile, its revenue grew by 60% and user growth doubled quarter-on-quarter in 2017.
Employers create job postings and describe their needs and skill requirements. They are segregated into different industry functions and could be filtered with the industry filter function. Users can further narrow their search down to four different types of position, namely, internships, full-time, part-time and project-based type of jobs. Prospective employers are then able to receive applications from users and review each application individually; Glints uses a mix of human and algorithmic screening to bring companies quality candidates.
Branch and bound (BB or B&B) is an algorithm design paradigm for discrete and combinatorial optimization problems. A branch-and-bound algorithm consists of a systematic enumeration of candidate solutions by means of state space search: the set of candidate solutions is thought of as forming a rooted tree with the full set at the root. The algorithm explores branches of this tree, which represent subsets of the solution set. Before enumerating the candidate solutions of a branch, the branch is checked against upper and lower estimated bounds on the optimal solution, and is discarded if it cannot produce a better solution than the best one found so far by the algorithm.
The Cybiko is a Russian hand-held computer introduced in May 2000 by David Yang's company and designed for teenage audiences, featuring its own two-way radio text messaging system. It has over 430 "official" freeware games and applications. Because of the text messaging system, it features a QWERTY keyboard that was used with a stylus. An MP3 player add-on was made for the unit as well as a SmartMedia card reader. The company stopped manufacturing the units after two product versions and only a few years on the market. Cybikos can communicate with each other up to a maximum range of 300 metres (0.19 miles). Several Cybikos can chat with each other in a wireless chatroom._NEWLINE_Cybiko Classic:_NEWLINE_There were two models of the Classic Cybiko. Visually, the only difference was that the original version had a power switch on the side, whilst the updated version used the "escape" key for power management. Internally, the differences between the two models were in the internal memory, and the location of the firmware._NEWLINE_Cybiko Xtreme:_NEWLINE_The Cybiko Xtreme was the second-generation Cybiko handheld. It featured various improvements over the original Cybiko, such as a faster processor, more RAM, more ROM, a new operating system, a new keyboard layout and case design, greater wireless range, a microphone, improved audio output, and smaller size.
Kobayashi studied computer science at Chukyo University. After graduating, he was hired at Capcom in 1995 as a programmer on the first Resident Evil game. After working as programmer on the sequel and a planner on the first Dino Crisis game, his first producer role was on Dino Crisis 2 in 2000._NEWLINE_Starting with the first Sengoku Basara game (titled Devil Kings in North America) in 2005, Kobayashi worked as the producer for the video game series as well as a planning supervisor for the various anime adaptations. He was very interested in the Sengoku period and wanted to create an action game inspired by that period.
By the 18th century, the term "statistics" designated the systematic collection of demographic and economic data by states. For at least two millennia, these data were mainly tabulations of human and material resources that might be taxed or put to military use. In the early 19th century, collection intensified, and the meaning of "statistics" broadened to include the discipline concerned with the collection, summary, and analysis of data. Today, data is collected and statistics are computed and widely distributed in government, business, most of the sciences and sports, and even for many pastimes. Electronic computers have expedited more elaborate statistical computation even as they have facilitated the collection and aggregation of data. A single data analyst may have available a set of data-files with millions of records, each with dozens or hundreds of separate measurements. These were collected over time from computer activity (for example, a stock exchange) or from computerized sensors, point-of-sale registers, and so on. Computers then produce simple, accurate summaries, and allow more tedious analyses, such as those that require inverting a large matrix or perform hundreds of steps of iteration, that would never be attempted by hand. Faster computing has allowed statisticians to develop "computer-intensive" methods which may look at all permutations, or use randomization to look at 10,000 permutations of a problem, to estimate answers that are not easy to quantify by theory alone._NEWLINE_The term "mathematical statistics" designates the mathematical theories of probability and statistical inference, which are used in statistical practice. The relation between statistics and probability theory developed rather late, however. In the 19th century, statistics increasingly used probability theory, whose initial results were found in the 17th and 18th centuries, particularly in the analysis of games of chance (gambling). By 1800, astronomy used probability models and statistical theories, particularly the method of least squares. Early probability theory and statistics was systematized in the 19th century and statistical reasoning and probability models were used by social scientists to advance the new sciences of experimental psychology and sociology, and by physical scientists in thermodynamics and statistical mechanics. The development of statistical reasoning was closely associated with the development of inductive logic and the scientific method, which are concerns that move statisticians away from the narrower area of mathematical statistics. Much of the theoretical work was readily available by the time computers were available to exploit them. By the 1970s, Johnson and Kotz produced a four-volume Compendium on Statistical Distributions (1st ed., 1969-1972), which is still an invaluable resource._NEWLINE_Applied statistics can be regarded as not a field of mathematics but an autonomous mathematical science, like computer science and operations research. Unlike mathematics, statistics had its origins in public administration. Applications arose early in demography and economics; large areas of micro- and macro-economics today are "statistics" with an emphasis on time-series analyses. With its emphasis on learning from data and making best predictions, statistics also has been shaped by areas of academic research including psychological testing, medicine and epidemiology. The ideas of statistical testing have considerable overlap with decision science. With its concerns with searching and effectively presenting data, statistics has overlap with information science and computer science.
Although the origins of statistical theory lie in the 18th-century advances in probability, the modern field of statistics only emerged in the late-19th and early-20th century in three stages. The first wave, at the turn of the century, was led by the work of Francis Galton and Karl Pearson, who transformed statistics into a rigorous mathematical discipline used for analysis, not just in science, but in industry and politics as well. The second wave of the 1910s and 20s was initiated by William Sealy Gosset, and reached its culmination in the insights of Ronald Fisher. This involved the development of better design of experiments models, hypothesis testing and techniques for use with small data samples. The final wave, which mainly saw the refinement and expansion of earlier developments, emerged from the collaborative work between Egon Pearson and Jerzy Neyman in the 1930s. Today, statistical methods are applied in all fields that involve decision making, for making accurate inferences from a collated body of data and for making decisions in the face of uncertainty based on statistical methodology._NEWLINE_The first statistical bodies were established in the early 19th century. The Royal Statistical Society was founded in 1834 and Florence Nightingale, its first female member, pioneered the application of statistical analysis to health problems for the furtherance of epidemiological understanding and public health practice. However, the methods then used would not be considered as modern statistics today._NEWLINE_The Oxford scholar Francis Ysidro Edgeworth's book, Metretike: or The Method of Measuring Probability and Utility (1887) dealt with probability as the basis of inductive reasoning, and his later works focused on the 'philosophy of chance'. His first paper on statistics (1883) explored the law of error (normal distribution), and his Methods of Statistics (1885) introduced an early version of the t distribution, the Edgeworth expansion, the Edgeworth series, the method of variate transformation and the asymptotic theory of maximum likelihood estimates._NEWLINE_The Norwegian Anders Nicolai Kiær introduced the concept of stratified sampling in 1895. Arthur Lyon Bowley introduced new methods of data sampling in 1906 when working on social statistics. Although statistical surveys of social conditions had started with Charles Booth's "Life and Labour of the People in London" (1889-1903) and Seebohm Rowntree's "Poverty, A Study of Town Life" (1901), Bowley's, key innovation consisted of the use of random sampling techniques. His efforts culminated in his New Survey of London Life and Labour._NEWLINE_Francis Galton is credited as one of the principal founders of statistical theory. His contributions to the field included introducing the concepts of standard deviation, correlation,  regression and the application of these methods to the study of the variety of human characteristics - height, weight, eyelash length among others. He found that many of these could be fitted to a normal curve distribution._NEWLINE_Galton submitted a paper to Nature in 1907 on the usefulness of the median. He examined the accuracy of 787 guesses of the weight of an ox at a country fair. The actual weight was 1208 pounds: the median guess was 1198. The guesses were markedly non-normally distributed._NEWLINE_Galton's publication of Natural Inheritance in 1889 sparked the interest of a brilliant mathematician, Karl Pearson, then working at University College London, and he went on to found the discipline of mathematical statistics. He emphasised the statistical foundation of scientific laws and promoted its study and his laboratory attracted students from around the world attracted by his new methods of analysis, including Udny Yule. His work grew to encompass the fields of biology, epidemiology, anthropometry, medicine and social history. In 1901, with Walter Weldon, founder of biometry, and Galton, he founded the journal Biometrika as the first journal of mathematical statistics and biometry._NEWLINE_His work, and that of Galton's, underpins many of the 'classical' statistical methods which are in common use today, including the Correlation coefficient, defined as a product-moment; the method of moments for the fitting of distributions to samples; Pearson's system of continuous curves that forms the basis of the now conventional continuous probability distributions; Chi distance a precursor and special case of the Mahalanobis distance and P-value, defined as the probability measure of the complement of the ball with the hypothesized value as center point and chi distance as radius. He also introduced the term  'standard deviation'._NEWLINE_He also founded the statistical hypothesis testing theory, Pearson's chi-squared test and principal component analysis. In 1911 he founded the world's first university statistics department at University College London._NEWLINE_The second wave of mathematical statistics was pioneered by Ronald Fisher who wrote two textbooks, Statistical Methods for Research Workers, published in 1925 and The Design of Experiments in 1935, that were to define the academic discipline in universities around the world. He also systematized previous results, putting them on a firm mathematical footing. In his 1918 seminal paper The Correlation between Relatives on the Supposition of Mendelian Inheritance, the first use to use the statistical term, variance. In 1919, at Rothamsted Experimental Station he started a major study of the extensive collections of data recorded over many years. This resulted in a series of reports under the general title Studies in Crop Variation. In 1930 he published The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection where he applied statistics to evolution._NEWLINE_Over the next seven years, he pioneered the principles of the design of experiments (see below) and elaborated his studies of analysis of variance. He furthered his studies of the statistics of small samples. Perhaps even more important, he began his systematic approach of the analysis of real data as the springboard for the development of new statistical methods. He developed computational algorithms for analyzing data from his balanced experimental designs. In 1925, this work resulted in the publication of his first book, Statistical Methods for Research Workers. This book went through many editions and translations in later years, and it became the standard reference work for scientists in many disciplines. In 1935, this book was followed by The Design of Experiments, which was also widely used._NEWLINE_In addition to analysis of variance, Fisher named and promoted the method of maximum likelihood estimation. Fisher also originated the concepts of sufficiency, ancillary statistics, Fisher's linear discriminator and Fisher information. His article On a distribution yielding the error functions of several well known statistics (1924) presented Pearson's chi-squared test and William Sealy Gosset's t in the same framework as the Gaussian distribution, and his own parameter in the analysis of variance Fisher's z-distribution (more commonly used decades later in the form of the F distribution)._NEWLINE_The 5% level of significance appears to have been introduced by Fisher in 1925. Fisher stated that deviations exceeding twice the standard deviation are regarded as significant. Before this deviations exceeding three times the probable error were considered significant. For a symmetrical distribution the probable error is half the interquartile range. For a normal distribution the probable error is approximately 2/3 the standard deviation. It appears that Fisher's 5% criterion was rooted in previous practice._NEWLINE_Other important contributions at this time included Charles Spearman's rank correlation coefficient that was a useful extension of the Pearson correlation coefficient. William Sealy Gosset, the English statistician better known under his pseudonym of Student, introduced Student's t-distribution, a continuous probability distribution useful in situations where the sample size is small and population standard deviation is unknown._NEWLINE_Egon Pearson (Karl's son) and Jerzy Neyman introduced the concepts of "Type II" error, power of a test and confidence intervals. Jerzy Neyman in 1934 showed that stratified random sampling was in general a better method of estimation than purposive (quota) sampling.
The term Bayesian refers to Thomas Bayes (1702–1761), who proved that probabilistic limits could be placed on an unknown event.  However it was Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749–1827) who introduced (as principle VI) what is now called Bayes' theorem. and applied it to celestial mechanics, medical statistics, reliability, and jurisprudence.  When insufficient knowledge was available to specify an informed prior, Laplace used uniform priors, according to his "principle of insufficient reason". Laplace assumed uniform priors for mathematical simplicity rather than for philosophical reasons. Laplace also introduced primitive versions of conjugate priors and the theorem of von Mises and Bernstein, according to which the posteriors corresponding to initially differing priors ultimately agree, as the number of observations increases. This early Bayesian inference, which used uniform priors following Laplace's principle of insufficient reason, was called "inverse probability" (because it infers backwards from observations to parameters, or from effects to causes)._NEWLINE_After the 1920s, inverse probability  was largely supplanted  by a collection of methods that were developed by Ronald A. Fisher, Jerzy Neyman and Egon Pearson. Their methods came to be called frequentist statistics. Fisher rejected the Bayesian view, writing that "the theory of inverse probability is founded upon an error, and must be wholly rejected". At the end of his life, however, Fisher expressed greater respect for the essay of Bayes, which Fisher believed to have anticipated his own, fiducial approach to probability; Fisher still maintained that Laplace's views on probability were "fallacious rubbish". Neyman started out as a "quasi-Bayesian", but subsequently developed confidence intervals (a key method in frequentist statistics) because "the whole theory would look nicer if it were built from the start without reference to Bayesianism and priors"._NEWLINE_The word Bayesian appeared around 1950, and by the 1960s it became the term preferred by those dissatisfied with the limitations of frequentist statistics._NEWLINE_In the 20th century, the ideas of Laplace were further developed in two different directions, giving rise to objective and subjective currents in Bayesian practice. In the objectivist stream, the statistical analysis depends on only the model assumed and the data analysed. No subjective decisions need to be involved. In contrast, "subjectivist" statisticians deny the possibility of fully objective analysis for the general case._NEWLINE_In the further development of Laplace's ideas, subjective ideas predate objectivist positions. The idea that 'probability' should be interpreted as 'subjective degree of belief in a proposition' was  proposed, for example, by John Maynard Keynes in the early 1920s. This idea was taken further by Bruno de Finetti in Italy (Fondamenti Logici del Ragionamento Probabilistico, 1930) and Frank Ramsey in Cambridge (The Foundations of Mathematics, 1931). The approach was devised to solve problems with the  frequentist definition of probability but also with the earlier, objectivist approach of Laplace. The subjective Bayesian methods were further developed and popularized in the 1950s by L.J. Savage._NEWLINE_Objective Bayesian inference was further developed by Harold Jeffreys at the University of Cambridge. His seminal book "Theory of probability" first appeared in 1939 and played an important role in the revival of the Bayesian view of probability. In 1957, Edwin Jaynes promoted the concept of maximum entropy for constructing priors, which is an important principle in the formulation of objective methods, mainly for discrete problems. In 1965, Dennis Lindley's 2-volume work "Introduction to Probability and Statistics from a Bayesian Viewpoint" brought Bayesian methods to a wide audience. In 1979, José-Miguel Bernardo introduced reference analysis, which offers a general applicable framework for objective analysis. Other well-known proponents of Bayesian probability theory include I.J. Good, B.O. Koopman, Howard Raiffa, Robert Schlaifer and Alan Turing._NEWLINE_In the 1980s, there was a dramatic growth in research and applications of Bayesian methods, mostly attributed to the discovery of Markov chain Monte Carlo methods, which removed many of the computational problems, and an increasing interest in nonstandard, complex applications. Despite growth of Bayesian research, most undergraduate teaching is still based on frequentist statistics. Nonetheless, Bayesian methods are widely accepted and used, such as for example in the field of machine learning.
In the Internet, a hostname is a domain name assigned to a host computer. This is usually a combination of the host's local name with its parent domain's name. For example, en.wikipedia.org consists of a local hostname (en) and the domain name wikipedia.org. This kind of hostname is translated into an IP address via the local hosts file, or the Domain Name System (DNS) resolver. It is possible for a single host computer to have several hostnames; but generally the operating system of the host prefers to have one hostname that the host uses for itself._NEWLINE_Any domain name can also be a hostname, as long as the restrictions mentioned below are followed. So, for example, both en.wikipedia.org and wikipedia.org are hostnames because they both have IP addresses assigned to them. A hostname may be a domain name, if it is properly organized into the domain name system. A domain name may be a hostname if it has been assigned to an Internet host and associated with the host's IP address.
Hostnames are composed of a series of labels concatenated with dots. For example, "en.wikipedia.org" is a hostname. Each label must be from 1 to 63 characters long, and the entire hostname including the delimiting dots, but not a trailing dot, has a maximum of 253 ASCII characters._NEWLINE_The Internet standards (Requests for Comments) for protocols mandate that component hostname labels may contain only the ASCII letters 'a' through 'z' (in a case-insensitive manner), the digits '0' through '9' and the hyphen-minus character ('-'). The original specification of hostnames in RFC 952 mandated that labels could not start with a digit or with a hyphen-minus character and could not end with a hyphen-minus. However, a subsequent specification (RFC 1123) permitted hostname labels to start with digits. No other symbols, punctuation characters, or white space are permitted. Internationalized domain names are stored in the Domain Name System as ASCII strings using Punycode transcription._NEWLINE_While a hostname may not contain other characters, such as the underscore character (_), other DNS names may contain the underscore. Systems such as DomainKeys and service records use the underscore as a means to assure that their special character is not confused with hostnames. For example, _http._sctp.www.example.com specifies a service pointer for an SCTP-capable webserver host (www) in the domain example.com. Notwithstanding the standard, Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Edge and Safari allow underscores in hostnames, although cookies in IE do not work correctly if any part of the hostname contains an underscore character. _NEWLINE_However, it is valid to attempt to resolve a hostname that consists of an underscore. E.g. _.example.com. This is used by RFC 7816 to reduce the amount of information that is made available to intermediate DNS servers during an iterative query. The Query Name Minimisation feature is enabled by default in BIND 9.14.0._NEWLINE_A common cause of non-compliance with this specification is that the rules are not applied consistently everywhere when domain names are chosen and registered._NEWLINE_The hostname en.wikipedia.org is composed of the DNS labels en (hostname or leaf domain), wikipedia (second-level domain) and org (top-level domain).  Labels such as 2600 and 3abc may be used in hostnames, but -hi-,_hi_ and *hi* are invalid._NEWLINE_A hostname is considered to be a fully qualified domain name (FQDN) when all labels up to and including the top-level domain name (TLD) are specified.  The hostname en.wikipedia.org terminates with the top-level domain org and is thus fully qualified.  Depending on the operating system DNS software implementation, an unqualified hostname may be automatically combined with a default domain name configured into the system, in order to complete the fully qualified domain name.  As an example, a student at MIT may be able to send mail to "joe@csail" and have it automatically qualified by the mail system to be sent to joecsail.mit.edu._NEWLINE_General guidelines on choosing a good hostname are outlined in RFC 1178.
Since its inception, the Humble Indie Bundle offerings are typically a two-week period where between three and five games are offered at a pay-what-you-want model. Most bundles have featured added bonuses that are announced midway through the period as added incentive for purchasing the games; previous purchases automatically receive these bonuses (after Humble Indie Bundle 9, these midway bonuses were made exclusive to above-average buyers). More recent bundles have included a "beat-the-average" bonus should the purchaser contribute more than the current average price others have performed. Other bundles have featured game soundtracks as either part of the core bundle or as an extra reward. With the DRM-free nature of the offered games, the source code for several games has also been included as part of the bundle's offerings._NEWLINE_Humble Bundle works with developers to determine scheduling and availability of games, and make decisions about which games to include within bundles, asking themselves "will this be exciting for gamers", according to employee Richard Esguerra. The full arrangements with developers to create the bundle typically conclude a month before the bundle goes live. The Humble Bundle group earns about 15% of the total funds raised._NEWLINE_The purchaser is able to name any price for the bundle. The Humble Bundle website interface gives users the chance to determine how to distribute their contribution, defaulting to a specific split between the developers, the charities for that event and a "Humble tip" which is used to cover hosting and other costs of the bundle. The purchasers can choose to give all or none to any of these groups, or any combination of these. In later bundles, purchasers can also buy the bundle as a gift for others. Games are typically available as standalone clients for Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Linux-based systems; in many cases, the bundles represent the debut of a game on the latter two platforms._NEWLINE_The purchaser can often also obtain redeemable codes for the games on services like Steam or, less often, Desura or Origin. To avoid abuse with these services, later bundles require a minimum purchase price of $1. Starting on October 31, 2013, Steam keys are automatically applied to the user's Steam account when redeemed, in an attempt to prevent the resale of keys. Subsequently, due to feedback, individual product Steam keys from bundle sales were allowed to be giftable to other users, giving them a unique URL through which the receiver could then redeem the key through Steam._NEWLINE_Android-based Bundles were first launched in January 2012. These Bundles do not feature redemption codes for the Google Play store, but instead require the user to install the Humble Bundle which downloads the Android application package files for the apps directly to the user's device. Some bundles have included games available both on Android and Windows, allowing users to redeem the game for both systems. In May 2015, the Humble Nindie Bundle was introduced, which is the first Humble Bundle offering that includes games from a digital store on dedicated gaming consoles, being the Nintendo eShop on the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS in this case. Due to logistical complications however, the initial offering was limited only to North America, although future offers may expand into other territories. Similarly, in August 2016, Capcom offered several of its PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 games through a Humble Bundle (using PlayStation Network redemption codes), though also limited to North American users.
Despite the ability to get the games at nearly zero cost, Wolfire Games estimate that 25% of the traceable downloads for the first Bundle have come from software piracy by links provided in some forums that bypass the payment screen to access the games; Wolfire further surmises additional piracy occurred through BitTorrent-type peer-to-peer sharing services. Rosen noted they purposely removed much of the DRM associated with games to appeal to those who would otherwise engage in software piracy, through both having the games ship without DRM and by having only limited copy protection on their website. Rosen also stated that for about ten users that emailed Wolfire about being unable to pay for the software, he personally donated on their behalf. Rosen comments that there may be legitimate reasons for those who appear to be pirating the game, including the inability to use the payment methods provided or that they had made a single large donation for multiple copies. Rosen also considered that there are players that would simply forward the download links to "take pleasure in spreading the pirated links to their friends or anonymous buddies for fun". Wolfire Games did take action to stop predatory sites, such as the closely named "wollfire.com", from selling illegal copies of the bundle._NEWLINE_While aware of the presumed software piracy, Rosen says that Wolfire will take no steps to limit it, believing that "making the download experience worse for generous contributors in the name of punishing pirates doesn't really fit with the spirit of the bundle". Rosen noted that by offering the source code of the games as an incentive, they would hope that "the community will help build them up with the same vigor that crackers tear DRM down"._NEWLINE_In preparing for the second Humble Indie Bundle sale, John Graham acknowledged that some may still download the game through illegal means, but also said that the organizers of the bundle gave their best effort to make the process of purchasing the games simple, and they also wished to create a social impact with the sales by including contributions to Child's Play and the Electronic Frontier Foundation. An anonymous survey conducted by Wolfire for those who felt it necessary to acquire the second Bundle from other illegitimate sources showed that some preferred the option of using peer-to-peer sharing services like BitTorrent to improve the speed and reliability of the download; as a result, Wolfire added the option to download the games through BitTorrent, hoping to entice more people to acquire the game legitimately.
In imperative programming and software development, an incremental compiler is one that when invoked, takes only the changes of a known set of source files and updates any corresponding output files (in the compiler's target language, often bytecode) that may already exist from previous compilations._NEWLINE_By effectively building upon previously compiled output files, the incremental compiler avoids the wasteful recompiling of entire source files, where most of the code remains unchanged. For most incremental compilers, compiling a program with small changes to its source code is usually near instantaneous._NEWLINE_It can be said that an incremental compiler reduces the granularity of a language's traditional compiling units while maintaining the language's semantics, such that the compiler can append and replace smaller parts._NEWLINE_Many programming tools take advantage of incremental compilers to provide developers with a much more interactive programming environment. It is not unusual that an incremental compiler is invoked for every change of a source file, such that the developer is almost immediately informed about any compilation errors that would arise as a result of his changes to the code. This scheme, in contrast with traditional compilation, shortens a programmer's development cycle significantly, because they would no longer have to wait for a long compile process before being informed of errors._NEWLINE_One downside to this type of incremental compiler is that it cannot easily optimize the code that it compiles, due to locality and the limited scope of what is changed. This is usually not a problem, because for optimization is usually only carried out on release, an incremental compiler would be used throughout development, and a standard batch compiler would be used on release.
In the interactive programming paradigm, e.g. in Poplog related literature, and  an interactive compiler refers to a compiler that is actually a part of the runtime system of the source language. The compiler can be invoked at runtime on some source code or data structure managed by the program, which then produces a new compiled program fragment containing machine code that is then immediately available for use by the runtime system. If the newly compiled fragment replaces a previous compiled procedure the old one will be garbage collected. This scheme allows for a degree of self-modifying code and requires metaprogramming language features. The ability to add, remove and delete code while running is known as hot swapping. Some interactive programming platforms mix the use of interpreted and compiled code to achieve the illusion that any changes to code are accessible by the program immediately.
Many problems in mathematics, physics, and engineering involve integration where an explicit formula for the integral is desired. Extensive tables of integrals have been compiled and published over the years for this purpose. With the spread of computers, many professionals, educators, and students have turned to computer algebra systems that are specifically designed to perform difficult or tedious tasks, including integration. Symbolic integration has been one of the motivations for the development of the first such systems, like Macsyma._NEWLINE_A major mathematical difficulty in symbolic integration is that in many cases, a closed formula for the antiderivative of a rather simple-looking function does not exist. For instance, it is known that the antiderivatives of the functions exp(x²), xˣ and (sin x)/x cannot be expressed in the closed form involving only rational and exponential functions, logarithm, trigonometric functions and inverse trigonometric functions, and the operations of multiplication and composition; in other words, none of the three given functions is integrable in elementary functions, which are the functions which may be built from rational functions, roots of a polynomial, logarithm, and exponential functions. The Risch algorithm provides a general criterion to determine whether the antiderivative of an elementary function is elementary, and, if it is, to compute it. Unfortunately, it turns out that functions with closed expressions of antiderivatives are the exception rather than the rule. Consequently, computerized algebra systems have no hope of being able to find an antiderivative for a randomly constructed elementary function. On the positive side, if the 'building blocks' for antiderivatives are fixed in advance, it may be still be possible to decide whether the antiderivative of a given function can be expressed using these blocks and operations of multiplication and composition, and to find the symbolic answer whenever it exists. The Risch algorithm, implemented in Mathematica and other computer algebra systems, does just that for functions and antiderivatives built from rational functions, radicals, logarithm, and exponential functions._NEWLINE_Some special integrands occur often enough to warrant special study. In particular, it may be useful to have, in the set of antiderivatives, the special functions (like the Legendre functions, the hypergeometric function, the gamma function, the incomplete gamma function and so on — see Symbolic integration for more details). Extending the Risch's algorithm to include such functions is possible but challenging and has been an active research subject._NEWLINE_More recently a new approach has emerged, using D-finite functions, which are the solutions of linear differential equations with polynomial coefficients. Most of the elementary and special functions are D-finite, and the integral of a D-finite function is also a D-finite function. This provides an algorithm to express the antiderivative of a D-finite function as the solution of a differential equation._NEWLINE_This theory also allows one to compute the definite integral of a D-function as the sum of a series given by the first coefficients, and provides an algorithm to compute any coefficient.
The film was shot on location in Wales. There are two castles in the film: Pembroke Castle and Chepstow Castle. The Jabberwocky battle scenes were filmed in an old Pembroke stone quarry._NEWLINE_The film is close in setting and comic style to Monty Python and the Holy Grail, on which Gilliam had worked. As well as Palin, Python Terry Jones and Python contributor Neil Innes appeared in Jabberwocky, giving it a Python-esque feel, with many scenes (such as the "hide and seek" jousting tournament) reminiscent of Holy Grail. For its American premiere the film was advertised as Monty Python's Jabberwocky despite protests from Gilliam.
Jabberwocky received a mixed response from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it currently holds a rating of 47%, based on 17 reviews, with an average rating of 5.9/10._NEWLINE_Vincent Canby of The New York Times wrote the film a positive review, describing it as "the most marvelously demented British comedy to come along since Monty Python and The Holy Grail, to which Jabberwocky is a sort of stepson." Variety gave the film a mixed review, praising the monster as "inspired dark imagination," but ultimately describing the film as "long on jabber but short on yocks."
Weld is a member of the following organizations:_NEWLINE_Sigma Xi scientific research society;_NEWLINE_Epsilon Pi Tau international technology honor society;_NEWLINE_National Association of Science Writers (NASW);_NEWLINE_Association for Science Teacher Education (ASTE);_NEWLINE_National Science Teachers Association (NSTA);_NEWLINE_Computer Science Teachers Association (CSTA);_NEWLINE_Iowa Academy of Science (IAS);_NEWLINE_Iowa Council of Teachers of Mathematics (ICTM).
As an associate professor of statistics at the University of British Columbia, Bryan worked on biostatistics with a focus on gene expression and microarray data. Notable projects to which she has contributed include the quantification of photomotor responses in larval zebrafish, the development of an assay system in the multicellular animal Caenorhabditis elegans to test genetic interactions causing synthetic lethality in somatic cells, and a novel yeast-based model to search for modifier genes involved in cystic fibrosis. Beyond biostatistics, Bryan has also contributed to medoids-based clustering methods.  Her general science contributions include a manifesto published in PLOS One on good practices for scientific computing and an introduction to the Git version control system for research data analysis._NEWLINE_Bryan's teaching activities at UBC included development of the Master of Data Science Program and new materials for the STAT 545 course. Under Bryan's direction, the STAT 545 course became notable as an early example of a data science course taught in a statistics program. It is also notable for its focus on teaching using modern R packages, Git and GitHub, its extensive sharing of teaching materials openly online, and its strong emphasis on practical data cleaning, exploration, and visualization skills, rather than algorithms and theory. As of late 2016 Bryan is on leave from her UBC position and is working at RStudio with a team led by Hadley Wickham._NEWLINE_Bryan has had experience with S and R since 1996. She is known for her open source contributions in R. Influential contributions include the use of Lego and the concept of data rectangling for explaining programming concepts, reproducible research, and advice on project and workflow organisation._NEWLINE_Bryan is well-known for her work on efficient methods of working in spreadsheets, and the connection between R and spreadsheet software such as Excel and Google Sheets. She is the primary developer of the R package googlesheets, that connects R to the Google Sheets service, and googledrive, an R package for interfacing between R and Google Drive._NEWLINE_Bryan is known for her work in teaching, her contributions to R packages, and her involvement with the leadership committee at rOpenSci. She is also part of the R Foundation Forwards task force and a member of the editorial board of BMC Bioinformatics.  Previously, she worked as an Associate at the Boston Consulting Group in Boston, MA.
Polka was a founder of ASAPbio which began in 2015 after Ron Vale showed that University of California, San Francisco students were taking a long time to publish and proposed that preprinting might mitigate the issue. Vale recruited Polka, Daniel Colon-Ramos and Harold Varmus which led to the first ASAPbio meeting in February 2016 attended by scientists, representatives from funding agencies, journals and preprint servers.  The meeting Polka led was widely recognized as a turning point in scholarly communication and a catalyst moment in the so-called "preprint revolution" in biology and science more generally. Polka began working full-time at ASAPbio in 2016 after funding was granted from the Simons Foundation, Sloan Foundation, Arnold Foundation, and Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation._NEWLINE_In 2016 Polka was described in the journal Nature as an "agent of change" for explaining how junior researchers can increase the impact of their work. For instance, ASAPbio encourages preprints within biology. ASAPbio tries to mitigate the effect of lengthy waiting times before publications are reviewed and published, following the example of physics, computer science and maths, fields that have already adopted preprints. She has also taken an interest in strategies for preventing sexual harassment in the scientific community. In 2017, PLOScast interviewed Polka about her work which contributes to the changing way that science is published._NEWLINE_Since 2019, ASAPBio has begun to host open databases to collate information about academic publishing practices. ReimagineReview tracks the different peer review policies and models of academic journals, with a focus on experimental forms of peer review. The Transpose database extends on this to cover journal policies including on peer review, co-reviewing, preprints, licensing, and versioning.
The following is a complete example program, taken from the original paper introducing the Joyce programming language, implementing an algorithm to generate prime numbers based on a sieving technique. A sieve agent is sent a stream of integers from its predecessor, the first being a prime. It removes all multiples of this prime from the stream and activates a successor. This continues until the eos signal is propagated along the set of sieves._NEWLINE_agent sieve(inp, out: stream);var more: boolean; x, y: integer;_NEWLINE_  succ: stream;begin_NEWLINE_    poll_NEWLINE_        inp?int(x) -> +succ; _NEWLINE_            sieve(succ, out); more := true |_NEWLINE_        inp?eos    -> out!eos; more := false_NEWLINE_    end;_NEWLINE_    while more do_NEWLINE_        poll_NEWLINE_            inp?int(y) ->_NEWLINE_                if y mod x <> 0 then succ!int(y) |_NEWLINE_            inp?eos    -> out!int(x);_NEWLINE_                succ!eos; more := false_NEWLINE_        end;end;_NEWLINE_The following agent initialises the set of sieve agents and inputs into them a stream of integers between 3 and 9999._NEWLINE_agent primes;use generate, sieve, print;var a, b: stream;begin_NEWLINE_    +a; +b; generate(a, 3, 2, 4999);_NEWLINE_    sieve(a, b); print(b)end;
If the coefficients of the matrix are exactly given numbers, the column echelon form of the matrix may be computed by Bareiss algorithm more efficiently than with Gaussian elimination. It is even more efficient to use modular arithmetic and Chinese remainder theorem, which reduces the problem to several similar ones over finite fields (this avoids the overhead induced by the non-linearity of the computational complexity of integer multiplication)._NEWLINE_For coefficients in a finite field, Gaussian elimination works well, but for the large matrices that occur in cryptography and Gröbner basis computation, better algorithms are known, which have roughly the same computational complexity, but are faster and behave better with modern computer hardware.
For matrices whose entries are floating-point numbers, the problem of computing the kernel makes sense only for matrices such that the number of rows is equal to their rank: because of the rounding errors, a floating-point matrix has almost always a full rank, even when it is an approximation of a matrix of a much smaller rank. Even for a full-rank matrix, it is possible to compute its kernel only if it is well conditioned, i.e. it has a low condition number._NEWLINE_Even for a well conditioned full rank matrix, Gaussian elimination does not behave correctly: it introduces rounding errors that are too large for getting a significant result. As the computation of the kernel of a matrix is a special instance of solving a homogeneous system of linear equations, the kernel may be computed by any of the various algorithms designed to solve homogeneous systems. A state of the art software for this purpose is the Lapack library.
LDAP Admin runs on the Windows operating systems only. By using the Wine software, it is apparently possible to run the application on a Linux and Mac OS X operating systems. There is also a Linux port (still Beta) of LdapAdmin.
The covert world of government 'Ghost Squad' agent Daniel Leight (Jason Connery) comes crashing down when he is critically injured in a building collapse triggered by the genetically mutated terrorist called Python (Daniel Goddard). But when Leight's radiation treatments are later sabotaged by Python, Leight discovers that he has the ability to move at hyper speeds, but only by risking potentially fatal metabolic damage.
The installation of Lis requires a C compiler. The Fortran interface requires a Fortran compiler, and the algebraic multigrid preconditioner requires a Fortran 90 compiler. _NEWLINE_For parallel computing environments, an OpenMP or MPI library is used. Both the Matrix Market and Harwell-Boeing formats are supported to import and export user data.
The Littoral Airborne Sensor/Hyperspectral (LASH) imaging system developed by the United States Navy combines optical imaging hardware, navigation and stabilization, and advanced image processing and algorithms to provide real-time submarine target detection, classification, and identification in littoral waters. Operating in visible and near infrared spectrum (390 to 710 nm), LASH collects hyperspectral imagery using many spectral channels (colors) to exploit subtle color features associated with targets of interest. Developed as a pod-mounted system, LASH can be operated from a P-3C Orion, SH-60B Seahawk, or other platforms in support of anti-submarine warfare, mine detection, passive bathymetry, near-shore mapping, and land-based detection, discrimination and targeting.
A logical data model or logical schema is a data model of a specific problem domain expressed independently of a particular database management product or storage technology (physical data model) but in terms of data structures such as relational tables and columns, object-oriented classes, or XML tags. This is as opposed to a conceptual data model, which describes the semantics of an organization without reference to technology.
In his interview with CNN, Jessy Grizzle stated that this kind of technology could be useful for firefighting situations in which firefighters believe no one is in a burning house but surveillance is necessary. Later in his interview, he also added that the innovative control feedback algorithms could play a role in aiding paralyzed people. He said that the feedback algorithms would be necessary to successfully engineer exoskeletons, mechanical systems that attach to the human body to aid muscle movements. Grizzle is currently collaborating with Jonathan Hurst from the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon to create a new bipedal robot named "MARLO". Instead of walking and running in 2D while connected to a boom, MARLO will move in 3D. A robot in 3D means that the robot would be free-standing without a safety boom or safety cable. During testing in 2013, MARLO took 15 successful steps with no boom to stable itself.
A MIDlet is an application that uses the Mobile Information Device Profile (MIDP) of the Connected Limited Device Configuration (CLDC) for the Java ME environment. Typical applications include games running on mobile devices and cell phones which have small graphical displays, simple numeric keypad interfaces and limited network access over HTTP. Android users can still run midlets with J2ME Loader emulator._NEWLINE_The .jad file describing a MIDlet suite is used to deploy the applications in one of two ways. Over the air (OTA) deployment involves uploading the .jad and .jar files to a Web server which is accessible by the device over HTTP. The user downloads the .jad file and installs the MIDlets they require. Local deployment requires that the MIDlet files be transferred to the device over a non-network connection (such as through Bluetooth or IrDa, and may involve device-specific software). Phones that support microSD cards can sometimes install .jar or .jad files that have been transferred to the memory card.
MIDP 2.0 (JSR 118) includes a comprehensive security model based on protection domains. MIDlet suites are installed into a protection domain that determines access to protected functions. The MIDP 2.0 specification also includes a recommended practice for using public key cryptography to verify and authenticate MIDlet suites._NEWLINE_For definitive information, consult the MIDP 2.0 specification. For an overview of MIDlet signing using the Sun JavaTM Wireless Toolkit for CLDC, read the article Understanding MIDP 2.0's Security Architecture._NEWLINE_If you need more background on public key cryptography, try the article MIDP Application Security 1: Design Concerns and Cryptography._NEWLINE_The MIDP 1.0 specification constrained each MIDlet suite to operate in a sandbox wherein all of the APIs available to the MIDlets would prevent access to sensitive APIs or functions of the device. That sandbox concept is used in this specification and all untrusted MIDlet suites are subject to its limitations. Every implementation of this specification MUST support running untrusted MIDlet suites._NEWLINE_MIDP 2.0 introduces the concept of trusted applications that may be permitted to use APIs that are considered sensitive and are restricted. If and when a device determines that a MIDlet suite can be trusted then access is allowed as indicated by the domain policy. The Trusted MIDlet Suite Security section below describes the concepts. Any MIDlet suite that is not trusted by the device MUST be run as untrusted. If errors occur in the process of verifying that a MIDlet suite is trusted then the MIDlet suite MUST be rejected.
Unlike a Java applet, a MIDlet is limited to use of the LCDUI rather than the more familiar widgets of AWT and Swing. There are also restrictions on the size of .jar files and the number of concurrent HTTP connections based on the MIDP specification.
Darusman was born in Bogor, West Java, in 1945. The son of Suryono Darusman, a diplomat, he spent much of his childhood in Europe; this later influenced his thoughts on social norms and equality, as Darusman found the class differences present in Indonesia disturbing. His brother, Chandra, went on to be a composer._NEWLINE_In 1965, after a period protesting then-president Sukarno, Darusman entered politics as a member of Golkar, which after the overthrow of Sukarno became the party of President Suharto. In 1974 he graduated from law school at Parahyangan Catholic University in Bandung. With Golkar, Darusman spent fifteen years as a member of the People's Representative Council, representing Bandung._NEWLINE_In 1994, Darusman was one of the first members of the National Commission on Human Rights. In 1998, after the fall of President Suharto in May, Darusman was a member of the Joint Fact Finding Team, which looked into the widespread rioting and pogroms before the president's resignation. Meanwhile, Darusman seized power within Golkar – torn between pro- and contra-Suharto factions – and reorganised the party. He subsequently convinced the party to support Muslim cleric Abdurrahman Wahid, of Nahdlatul Ulama, for president.
In late 1930s, as been confessed by writer Mehdi Huseyn in one of the Ilyas Afandiyev's memories, it was very common among poets and writers to slander each other and accuse each other of nationalism or spreading religious propaganda. The reasons of such slanders were generally connected with personal problems and bitter rivalries between certain poets and writers. Mushfig also came under the barrage of criticism in the Azerbaijani Writers' Union along with some other literary figures of the era such as Huseyn Javid, Ahmed Javad and Yusif Vazir Chamanzaminli by some of the literary figures who were serving the interests of Stalin's regime in the USSR branded Mushfig as a "chauvinist" and a "petit-bourgeois poet". He was arrested in 1937, charged with treason as "the enemy of the state", and executed in 1939 in the Bayil prison near Baku. He was later officially exonerated. Even though, Mushfig wrote poems about Joseph Stalin, during in de-Stalinization policy of the USSR he was portrayed as an "anti-Stalinist" poet._NEWLINE_On May 23, 1956, under the decision of the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of USSR, Mikayil Mushfig was acquitted after his death._NEWLINE_A working group consisting of the members of National Academy of Sciences, the ministries of Health and Culture, besides other relevant authorities was set up under the instruction of the President Ilham Aliyev in October 2018 in order to investigate recently spread information about the unearthed remains of the poet.
The institute came into existence on 7 August 1986 as Regional Engineering College, Hamirpur in Hamirpur, Himachal Pradesh, India, it was a joint enterprise of the Government of India and the Government of Himachal Pradesh. The classes commenced at Government Polytechnic College, Hamirpur as REC Hamirpur did not have a campus initially. The classes and administration moved to current location in 1987 when few buildings were constructed. At the inception, the institute only had three departments, Civil Engineering, Electrical and Electronics Engineering and Mechanical Engineering. Later, two more departments Electronics and Communication Engineering and Computer Science and Engineering  were added in 1988 and 1989 respectively. The department of Architecture was established in 2000. Recently in 2013, Chemical Engineering department also came into existence. The institute only offered undergraduate courses until 2005, when it started offering graduate and Ph.D programs._NEWLINE_On 26 June 2002, REC Hamirpur was awarded the status of deemed university and upgraded into a National Institute of Technology. As a result of this transition the institute came under the sole purview of the Government of India. It was awarded the status of Institute of National Importance by an Act of Parliament along with other NITs and IITs. NIT Hamirpur has been ranked as best NIT in terms of infrastructure by the World Bank in 2007.
National Treasure received mixed reviews from critics, some of whom lauded it as a fun, straightforward family adventure, while others ridiculed its numerous implausibilities and unbelievable plot twists. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 46%, based on 177 reviews, with an average rating of 5.3/10. The site's consensus reads, "National Treasure is no treasure, but it's a fun ride for those who can forgive its highly improbable plot." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 39 out of 100, based on 35 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale._NEWLINE_Roger Ebert gave the film 2/4 stars, calling it "so silly that the Monty Python version could use the same screenplay, line for line." Academic David Bordwell has expressed a liking for the film, placing it in the tradition of 1950s Disney children's adventure movies, and using it as the basis for an essay on scene transitions in classical Hollywood cinema.
Several groups employed evolutionary algorithms for NAS.  Mutations in the context of evolving ANNs are operations such as adding a layer, removing a layer or changing the type of a layer (e.g., from convolution to pooling). On CIFAR-10, evolution and RL performed comparably, while both outperformed random search.
While most approaches solely focus on finding architecture with maximal predictive performance, for most practical applications other objectives are relevant, such as memory consumption, model size or inference time (i.e., the time required to obtain a prediction). Because of that, researchers created a multi-objective search._NEWLINE_LEMONADE is an evolutionary algorithm that adopted Lamarckism to efficiently optimize multiple objectives. In every generation, child networks are generated to improve the Pareto frontier with respect to the current population of ANNs._NEWLINE_Neural Architect is claimed to be a resource-aware multi-objective RL-based NAS with network embedding and performance prediction. Network embedding encodes an existing network to a trainable embedding vector. Based on the embedding, a controller network generates transformations of the target network. A multi-objective reward function considers network accuracy, computational resource and training time. The reward is predicted by multiple performance simulation networks that are pre-trained or co-trained with the controller network. The controller network is trained via policy gradient. Following a modification, the resulting candidate network is evaluated by both an accuracy network and a training time network. The results are combined by a reward engine that passes its output back to the controller network.
RL-based NAS requires thousands of GPU-days of searching/training to achieve state-of-the-art computer vision results as described in the NASNet, mNASNet and MobileNetV3 papers. _NEWLINE_Supernetwork-based NAS provides a more computationally-efficient solution. The essential idea is to train one supernetwork that spans many options for the final design rather than generating and training thousands of networks independently. In addition to the learned parameters, a set of architecture parameters learn to prefer one module over another. These algorithms are differentiable, allowing the use of gradient descent to optimize them._NEWLINE_Supernetwork-based search has been shown to produce competitive results using a fraction of the search-time required by RL-based search methods. For example, FBNet (which is short for Facebook Berkeley Network) demonstrated that supernetwork-based search produces networks that outperform the speed-accuracy tradeoff curve of mNASNet and MobileNetV2 on the ImageNet image-classification dataset. FBNet accomplishes this using over 400x less search time than was used for mNASNet. Further, SqueezeNAS demonstrated that supernetwork-based NAS produces neural networks that outperform the speed-accuracy tradeoff curve of MobileNetV3 on the Cityscapes semantic segmentation dataset, and SqueezeNAS uses over 100x less search time than was used in the MobileNetV3 authors' RL-based search.
Noctis was originally based on DOS and uses a fixed display resolution of 320 x 200, and an upper limit imposed on the walking distance from a planetary landing site. (This does not restrict the player's ability to explore the planet, because they can freely take off and land elsewhere.) These limitations do not apply to the Noctis galaxy because it contains over 78 billion stars, most of which host many planets and moons orbiting them._NEWLINE_The current version of the game is called Noctis IV. In the release of Noctis IV, Ghignola included a facility to have planet names and notes sent back to him and then compiled into a central database of information called the GUIDE. People playing the simulator (also called Stardrifters) could then share their findings with others, and a community of explorers soon developed (on the Noctis forums) around that, vying for a wide range of discoveries, such as the planetary system with the most planets or the biggest tree in the Noctis universe. This is the only way to interact with other players, since Noctis, being a single-player game (not including other Stardrifters summoned in the game, which are NPCs), has a protagonist who does not speak._NEWLINE_For some time Ghignola regularly compiled a new GUIDE based on emailed submissions of players of their "Outbox" and allowed the compilation to be downloaded as an "Inbox". While the GUIDE has not been updated for several years since 2005, since December 2008 the service has been restored again. A more automatic system of "massively single-player" content sharing is used in 2008's Spore._NEWLINE_The source code for Noctis IV was released to the public in 2003 under the WTOF Public License, which has led to the creation of a fan-made "mod" to the game called Noctis IV CE (commonly abbreviated NICE). NICE includes bug fixes and additional features which increase the playability compared to Noctis IV. The terrain generation code has also been altered in the NICE version, which means that remarks made in the Noctis IV GUIDE are largely invalid for NICE.
Support of OpenACC is available in commercial compilers from PGI (from version 12.6), and (for Cray hardware only) Cray._NEWLINE_OpenUH is an Open64 based open source OpenACC compiler supporting C and FORTRAN, developed by HPCTools group from University of Houston._NEWLINE_OpenARC is an open source C compiler developed at Oak Ridge National Laboratory to support all features in the OpenACC 1.0 specification. An experimental open source compiler, accULL, is developed by the University of La Laguna (C language only)._NEWLINE_IPMACC is an open source C compiler developed by University of Victoria that translates OpenACC to CUDA, OpenCL, and ISPC. Currently, only following directives are supported: data, kernels, loop, and cache._NEWLINE_GCC support for OpenACC was slow in coming. A GPU-targeting implementation from Samsung was announced in September 2013; this translated OpenACC 1.1-annotated code to OpenCL. The announcement of a "real" implementation followed two months later, this time from NVIDIA and based on OpenACC 2.0. This sparked some controversy, as the implementation would only target NVIDIA's own PTX assembly language, for which no open source assembler or runtime was available. Experimental support for OpenACC/PTX did end up in GCC as of version 5.1. GCC6 and GCC7 release series include a much improved implementation of the OpenACC 2.0a specification. GCC 9.1 offers nearly complete OpenACC 2.5 support.
Orchid Technology was a privately held company founded by Le Nhon Bui in 1982. The company's original flagship product was its PCNet card, a 1 megabit-per-second LAN (networking) card for IBM PCs and clones. Notably, the acronym LAN (Local Area Networking) is the Vietnamese word for "Orchid". Hence, the origin of the company name._NEWLINE_After this successful product, the company embarked on introducing high-performance add-in cards, most notably the LIM (Lotus, Intel Microsoft standard) which extended DOS out to 1M, Multi-purpose network cards that included RAM, clock, serial printer ports and Network COAX TCPIP capabilities. Orchid developed its own operating system as well as one of the first 5 OEM's of Novell. Other products included PC Turbo, TinyTurbo and TurboVGA enhancement cards that included 186 and 286 processors. As the operating systems took on more resources Orchid made a switch back to its roots as PC board manufacturer. From 1984 1986 the company switched to an Autocad video board manufacturer. Later, a variety of memory and video cards were introduced._NEWLINE_In 1988, Orchid started designing and selling back-plane motherboards under the Privilege Systems Division. However, Orchid could not garner any significant marketshare due to stiff competition from motherboard makers Micronics Computers, Inc., Mylex Corporation and American Megatrends Inc.(AMI), the original motherboard brand names in the industry._NEWLINE_In August 1994, it was acquired by motherboard maker Micronics Computers, Inc. Orchid was known for its Righteous 3D, Fahrenheit Video3D and Kelvin 64 graphics accelerators. They also manufactured an array of multimedia products including SoundWave 32 and GameWave 32 and the award-winning Vidiola line of digital capture and playback systems._NEWLINE_Orchid sold their products through Direct to Fortune companies, OEMs, System Integrators and National Distributors such as Gates/FA, Techdata, Ingram and Micro D.
Creo Elements/Direct Drafting now owned by PTC, and formerly called ME10 is a CAD software application exclusively for 2D drawings, especially in mechanical engineering and electrical engineering._NEWLINE_The program was first developed by Hewlett Packard in Germany. HP released the first version 1986. Hewlett Packard MDD (Mechanical Design Division) continued the ME10 development.  The first product designed using ME10 was the original HP DeskJet printer at the HP Vancouver Division.(HP Journal Reference)_NEWLINE_See also solidmodeler aka Creo Elements/Direct Modeling or Creo Elements/Direct CoCreate._NEWLINE_The program includes its own macro language. There are also several additional modules such as the module 'Parametric' for family-of-parts designs. Creo Elements/Direct Drafting uis designed as an open system, i.e. contractors made the necessary application-specific solutions. For example, a standard_part eLibrary for mechanical engineering. A special feature of ME10 is working with a model structure (tree structure): this system in mechanical engineering maps better than working with layers. Another specialty is working with construction geometry, an appropriate method for the engineering designer. This technique has since been adopted by other CAD programs such as AutoCAD._NEWLINE_Creo Elements/Direct Drafting was originally developed for the Hewlett-Packard 98xx workstation family (also referred to as the Series 200) on their proprietary Pascal based operating system / development environment, followed by a move a few years later to the operating system HP-UX. With the success of Microsoft Windows, a version was offered for this operating system. Some versions have also been developed for Linux. Today, MS-Windows is the standard platform for Creo Elements/Direct Drafting._NEWLINE_In 2010 the product was renamed to Creo Elements/Direct Drafting (as opposed to 3D product Creo Elements/Direct Modeling). Creo Elements/Direct Drafting is one of the most common 2D CAD programs for mechanical engineering in Germany.
The compiler panc serves as the de facto reference implementation of the language and is implemented in Java, though at present it is not possible to execute the compiler with OpenJDK._NEWLINE_A configuration is defined by a set of files, called templates, written in the pan language._NEWLINE_These templates define simultaneously the configuration parameters, the configuration schema, and_NEWLINE_validation functions. Each template is named and is contained in a file having the same name._NEWLINE_The syntax of a template file is simple:_NEWLINE_[ object | declaration | unique | structure ] template template-name;[ statement … ]_NEWLINE_These files may contain comments that start with the hash sign ('#') and terminate with the next new line_NEWLINE_or end of file.
The fresh fruit and seeds contain hydrogen cyanide and are deadly poisonous if consumed without prior preparation.  The seeds are first boiled and then buried in ash, banana leaves and earth for forty days, during which time, they turn from a creamy white colour to dark brown or black.  The method relies on the fact that the hydrogen cyanide released by the boiling and fermentation is water-soluble and easily washed out._NEWLINE_The kernels may be ground up to form a thick black gravy called rawon, popular dishes include nasi rawon, beef stew in keluwek paste, and sambal rawon. A stew made with beef or chicken also exists in East Java. The Toraja dish pammarrasan (black spice with fish or meat, also sometimes with vegetables) uses the black keluak powder. In Singapore and Malaysia, the seeds are best known as an essential ingredient in ayam (chicken) or babi (pork) buah keluak, a mainstay of Peranakan cuisine. Dusun tribe from Borneo use this pounded kernel as main ingredient for making local signature dish called bosou, sour taste fermented fish. _NEWLINE__NEWLINE_People of Minahasa tribe in North Sulawesi use young leaves as vegetable. The leaves will be sliced into small part then it is cooked by mixing with herbs and pork fat or meat inside bamboo. Many sellers in Tomohon traditional market sell the leaves whether sliced or not.
Kruszewski completed his bachelor's degree in computer science at the University of Alberta. While attending U of A, he was president of the Computer Science Association. After graduating, he went on to obtain an MA and PhD in computer science from McGill University. For graduate school, Kruszewski received a Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC) Science and Engineering scholarship in 1992. His PhD thesis on random binary trees suggested a method to produce realistic images of trees digitally. His work was inspired by The Algorithmic Beauty of Plants by Przemysław Prusinkiewicz. After completing his thesis, Kruszewski developed and commercialized the software, naming it the "Tree Druid."
Kruszewski's latest venture builds on previous experience gained from working with computer vision technology. He founded wrnch in April 2014 in Montreal's TandemLaunch incubator. With wrnch he has developed BodySLAM, a deep learning AI body-tracking software.  As a man-machine interface, BodySLAM has multiple possible applications in various industries, such as health care, security, retail and entertainment.
In Routing, a Ping-Pong scheme is a simple algorithm for distributing data packets across_NEWLINE_two paths._NEWLINE_If you had two paths A and B, then the algorithm_NEWLINE_would randomly start with one of the paths and then switch back and forth _NEWLINE_between the two._NEWLINE_If you were to get the next path from a function call, it would look like_NEWLINE_this in Python:_NEWLINE_def get_next_path():_NEWLINE_    while True:_NEWLINE_        yield 'A'_NEWLINE_        yield 'B'
Microsoft's Professional Developers Conference (PDC) was a series of conferences for software developers; the conference was held infrequently to coincide with beta releases of the Windows operating system, and showcased topics of interest to those developing hardware and software for the new version of Windows._NEWLINE_In 2011, PDC was merged with Microsoft's web development conference MIX to form the Build Conference._NEWLINE_Since 2011, it has been renamed BUILD.
A density matrix ρ is called separable if it can be written as a convex sum of product states, namely_NEWLINE_with  probabilities. By definition, a state is entangled if it is not separable._NEWLINE_For 2-Qubit and Qubit-Qutrit systems (2 × 2 and 2 × 3 respectively) the simple Peres–Horodecki criterion provides both a necessary and a sufficient criterion for separability, and thus -inadvertently- for detecting entanglement. However, for the general case, the criterion is merely a necessary one for separability, as the problem becomes NP-hard when generalized. Other separability criteria include (but not limited to) the range criterion, reduction criterion, and those based on uncertainty relations. See Ref. for a review of separability criteria in discrete variable systems._NEWLINE_A numerical approach to the problem is suggested by Jon Magne Leinaas, Jan Myrheim and Eirik Ovrum in their paper "Geometrical aspects of entanglement". Leinaas et al. offer a numerical approach, iteratively refining an estimated separable state towards the target state to be tested, and checking if the target state can indeed be reached. An implementation of the algorithm (including a built-in Peres-Horodecki criterion testing) is "StateSeparator" web-app._NEWLINE_In continuous variable systems, the Peres-Horodecki criterion also applies. Specifically, Simon  formulated a particular version of the Peres-Horodecki criterion in terms of the second-order moments of canonical operators and showed that it is necessary and sufficient for -mode Gaussian states (see Ref. for a seemingly different but essentially equivalent approach). It was later found  that Simon's condition is also necessary and sufficient for -mode Gaussian states, but no longer sufficient for -mode Gaussian states. Simon's condition can be generalized by taking into account the higher order moments of canonical operators  or by using entropic measures._NEWLINE_In 2016 China launched the world’s first quantum communications satellite. The $100m Quantum Experiments at Space Scale (QUESS) mission was launched on Aug 16, 2016, from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northern China at 01:40 local time._NEWLINE_For the next two years, the craft – nicknamed "Micius" after the ancient Chinese philosopher – will demonstrate the feasibility of quantum_NEWLINE_communication between Earth and space, and test quantum entanglement over unprecedented distances._NEWLINE_In the June 16, 2017, issue of Science, Yin et al. report setting a new quantum entanglement distance record of 1,203 km, demonstrating the survival of a two-photon pair and a violation of a Bell inequality, reaching a CHSH valuation of 2.37 ± 0.09, under strict Einstein locality conditions, from the Micius satellite to bases in Lijian, Yunnan and Delingha, Quinhai, increasing the efficiency of transmission over prior fiberoptic experiments by an order of magnitude.
A regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) is a second-level administrative division of Indonesia, directly administrated under a province. The Indonesian term kabupaten is also sometimes translated as "municipality". Regencies and cities are divided into districts (Kecamatan, or Distrik in Papua)._NEWLINE_The English name "regency" comes from the Dutch colonial period, when regencies were ruled by bupati (or regents) and were known as regentschap in Dutch (kabupaten in Javanese and subsequently Indonesian). Bupati had been regional lords under the pre-colonial monarchies of Java. When the Dutch abolished or curtailed those monarchies, the bupati were left as the most senior indigenous authority. They were not strictly speaking "native rulers" because the Dutch claimed full sovereignty over their territory, but in practice they had many of the attributes of petty kings (including elaborate regalia and palaces, and a high degree of impunity).
The Indonesian title of bupati is originally a loanword from Sanskrit originating in India, a shortening of the Sanskrit title bhumi-pati, (bhumi, भूमि, "(of the) land" + pati, पति, "lord", hence bhumi-pati, "lord of the land"). In Indonesia, bupati was originally used as a Javanese title for regional rulers in precolonial kingdoms, its first recorded usage being in a Telaga Batu inscription during the Sriwijaya period in which bhupati is mentioned among the titles of local rulers who paid allegiance to Sriwijaya's kings. Related titles which were also used in precolonial Indonesia are adipati ("duke") and senapati ("lord of the army", or "general").
Regencies in Java territorial units were grouped together into Residencies headed by exclusively European Residents. This term hinted that the Residents had a quasi-diplomatic status in relation to the bupati (and indeed they had such a relationship with the native rulers who continued to prevail in much of Indonesia outside Java), but in practice the bupati had to follow Dutch instructions on any matter of concern to the colonial authorities._NEWLINE_The relationship between those sides was ambivalent: while legal and military power rested with the Dutch government (or, for a long time, with the Dutch East India Company (commonly known as the VOC, an abbreviation of the Dutch Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie) under a Governor General in Batavia on Java, the regents held higher protocollary rank than the assistant-resident who supposedly advised them and held day-to-day sway over the population. After the independence of Indonesia in 1945, the terms bupati and kabupaten were applied throughout the archipelago to the administrative unit below the residency (karesidenan).
In 1989, he also spent the collegiate off season with the Portland Timbers of the Western Soccer League.  He was tied for seventh on the league’s scoring list with seven goals._NEWLINE_Baarts has also played professionally with the Portland Pride of the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL), as well as the Portland Pythons and the Utah Freezz, both of the World Indoor Soccer League (WISL).  In 1995, he was a CISL All Star with the Pride.  In 1997, the Edmonton Drillers of the National Professional Soccer League selected Baarts in the dispersal draft after the CISL collapsed.  However, he did not sign with the Drillers.  In 1998, he signed with the Portland Pythons of the Premier Soccer Alliance but he collided with Tatu during an early season game against the Dallas Sidekicks.  The collision resulted in a season-ending injury.  In the spring of 2000, the expansion St. Louis Steamers drafted Baarts, then traded him to the Utah Freezz in exchange for future considerations.  He was the 2000 WISL Defensive Player of the Year.  In 2001, Baarts joined the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division.  However, he was injured after impressing the coaching staff during the pre-season.  The Timbers released him before he played a game with them._NEWLINE_His coaching career began at the youth level with the Portland City United. Baarts coached the boys varsity team at Sunset High School in Beaverton, Ore., from 1991-2003. He was the league's coach of the year back-to-back seasons in 2001-02._NEWLINE_The active United States Soccer Federation member is an "A" license holder, and has coached multiple youth soccer age division for the FC Portland Academy since 2004.In 2009, Baarts guided both the men's and women's programs into the postseason, and the women's program advanced to the NCAA Quarterfinals for the fourth consecutive year._NEWLINE_As an assistant at University of Portland, Baarts was responsible for all recruiting activities, opponent preparation and team travel. In addition, the Portland men's and women's soccer programs have had a 96 percent graduation rate in the last seven years under Baarts' academic progress direction. More than a dozen Pilots which played under Baarts have gone on to play professional soccer. As an assistant, Baarts was responsible for all recruiting activities, opponent preparation and team travel. In addition, the Portland men's and women's soccer programs have had a 96 percent graduation rate in the last seven years under Baarts' academic progress direction. More than a dozen Pilots which played under Baarts have gone on to play professional soccer. _NEWLINE_He became an assistant coach and recruiting coordinator at San Jose State in March 2016
The Army command arriving with the Pensacola Convoy formed the core of what became the Southwest Pacific Area command (SWPA), initially as United States Army Forces in Australia (USAFIA), with that command quickly requisitioning ships that included those from the convoy for local Army fleet service. The commanding general, USAFIA, notified superiors he was retaining Holbrook in Australia along with a number of other large vessels. The ship was temporarily retained until other suitable shipping, particularly acquisition of twenty-one Dutch vessels, allowed release of several of the large ships, including Holbrook which did not became a part of the Army's permanent SWPA fleet._NEWLINE_Holbrook was operating between Brisbane, Melbourne and Fremantle in February thus escaping the air attack on Darwin 19 February 1942 that sunk convoy mates Meigs and Admiral Halstead. The ship departed Fremantle on 22 February in convoy MS.5 escorted by USS Phoenix that was bound for Colombo, Ceylon with troops and supplies eventually destined for India and Burma. The convoy comprised Holbrook, the Australian transports Katoomba and Duntroon with two ships attempting to deliver fighters to Java—MS Sea Witch, carrying twenty-seven crated P-40 fighters, and USS Langley with assembled fighters. Sea Witch and Langley broke from the convoy in an unsuccessful attempt, during which Langley was sunk, to deliver the aircraft to Java during the Japanese invasion. Phoenix was relieved as escort by HMS Enterprise and the convoy safely made port._NEWLINE_Holbrook and Duntroon were to return to Australia in convoy SU-4 under escort by HMS Cornwall; however, a Japanese fleet was sighted and Cornwall was ordered to join Admiral Sir James Somerville's fleet. Instead the convoy left Bombay on 4 April and arrived at Colombo, Ceylon on 8 April 1942 during which time the Japanese attack on Ceylon known as the Easter Sunday Raid had taken place and Cornwall had been sunk at sea. The convoy onward to Australia, now composed of Holbrook, Félix Roussel and Duntroon escorted by the armed merchant cruiser HMS Chitral, now had to pass through dangerous waters in which Japanese fleets might be operating; submarines were being sighted in Australian waters and the German auxiliary cruiser Thor was in the area. During the voyage Félix Roussel had picked up the distress signal of SS Nankin reporting a raider and aircraft, then "abandoning ship" with silence thereafter. The convoy arrived safely at Fremantle on 14 May 1942._NEWLINE_In June 1942, with stops at Adelaide, Sydney and Wellington, the ship returned to Los Angeles and then San Francisco. In San Francisco Holbrook underwent repairs lasting until November 1942 after which the ship returned to the South Pacific. The ship's next voyage was to Hawaii, Nouméa, Fiji, Guadalcanal (where the Guadalcanal Campaign was in its final stages) and then Efate before returning to the United States in February 1943. After three trips to Australia in 1943 with return to San Francisco for major repairs in January 1944 before returning to the South Pacific for stops at Guadalcanal and Auckland. Departing from Seattle in April 1944 the ship transited by way of Honolulu and Funafuti to the Southwest Pacific theater supporting transport operations at Townsville, Australia and  Finschhafen, Milne Bay, and Hollandia, New Guinea with a return to the United States in November before once more heading to the Southwest Pacific._NEWLINE_Holbrook was selected for conversion to become the hospital ship tentatively named Armin W. Leuschner and transited to Mobile, Alabama arriving in March 1945 at the Alabama Drydock Company. The end of the war resulted in that conversion being halted August 1945 and the ship being completed as a troopship in January 1946, with the name Willard A. Holbrook restored. On arrival at New York another conversion to a transport suitable for carrying 763 dependents at Todd Shipbuilding Company. Holbrook began voyages to Europe for that purpose in March 1946.
A search suggest drop-down list is a query feature used in computing to show the searcher shortcuts, while the query is typed into a text box. Before the query is complete, a drop-down list with the suggested completions appears to provide options to select. The suggested queries then enable the searcher to complete the required search quickly. As a form of autocompletion, the suggestion list is distinct from search history in that it attempts to be predictive even when the user is searching for the first time. Data may come from popular searches, sponsors, geographic location or other sources. These lists are used by operating systems, web browsers and various websites, particularly search engines. Search suggestions are common with a 2014 survey finding that over 80% of e-commerce websites included them._NEWLINE_The computing science of syntax and algorithms are used to form search results from a database. Content management systems and frequent searches can assist software engineers in optimizing more refined queries with methods of parameters and subroutines. Suggestions can be results for the current query or related queries by words, time and dates, categories and tags. The suggestion list may be reordered by other options, as enumerative, hierarchical or faceted._NEWLINE_Although not the first deployment of search suggestions, Google Suggest is one of the most prominent. Four years before it was considered stable, the feature was developed in 2004 by Google engineer Kevin Gibbs and the name was chosen by Marissa Mayer. Google, and other large search companies, maintain a blacklist that prevents the display of queries that could be interpreted as violating their social responsibility. Despite this, the company regularly receives complaints that several popular suggestions, or suggestions whose positions have been inflated by bots, should be added to this list. The Electronic Frontier Foundation's Jillian York has criticized Apple's blacklist for including words that are merely provocative._NEWLINE_One example of a project using suggested queries to expose societal attitudes was a 2013 ad series called The Autocomplete Truth by UN Women. The campaign showed several gender stereotypes being displayed as popular searches by Google Suggest. Another was a story by Bad Astronomy that revealed a distrustful perspective on scientists in the suggestion box. Additionally, cases related to libel laws have posited that suggestions may inspire people to associate specific names with specific alleged crimes when they would not have otherwise._NEWLINE_Some users have criticized the fact that suggestion-enabled text boxes, unlike the web forms of static HTML, send data about each keystroke to a central server. Such data has the potential to identify specific people. This has caused at least one Mozilla Firefox developer to opine that "users mostly dislike search suggestions". Apart from the privacy debate, some users have expressed negative reception over the usefulness of search autocompletion. Specifically, the sudden appearance of a suggestion box in some programs has been compared to the behaviour of a pop-up ad._NEWLINE_HTML supports this feature using the <datalist> element.
Solving a standard eigenvalue problem for all eigenvectors (using the QR algorithm, for instance) takes  time. This is impractical for image segmentation applications where  is the number of pixels in the image._NEWLINE_Since only one eigenvector, corresponding to the second smallest generalized eigenvalue, is used by the ncut algorithm, efficiency can be dramatically improved if the solve of the corresponding eigenvalue problem is performed in a matrix-free fashion, i.e., without explicitly manipulating with or even computing the matrix W, as, e.g., in the Lanczos algorithm. Matrix-free methods require only a function that performs a matrix-vector product for a given vector, on every iteration. For image segmentation, the matrix W is typically sparse, with a number of nonzero entries , so such a matrix-vector product takes  time._NEWLINE_For high-resolution images, the second eigenvalue is often ill-conditioned, leading to slow convergence of iterative eigenvalue solvers, such as the Lanczos algorithm. Preconditioning is a key technology accelerating the convergence, e.g., in the matrix-free LOBPCG method. Computing the eigenvector using an optimally preconditioned matrix-free method takes  time, which is the optimal complexity, since the eigenvector has  components.
A Service Implementation Bean (SIB), is a term used in Java Platform, Enterprise Edition, for a Java object implementing a web service. It can be either a POJO or a Stateless Session EJB. The Java interface of an SIB is called a Service Endpoint Interface (SEI).
Kaya Maghan, the despotic king of Wagadou, follows the instructions of his priest by ordering the religious sacrifice to the Python God of Sia Yatabene, the virgin daughter of a notable family.  A gift of gold equivalent to Sia’s weight is given to her family as compensation for surrendering their daughter for the sacrifice.  However, Sia runs away and finds shelter in the home of a mad prophet who has railed against the king.  The king orders his top general to locate Sia, but the general is conflicted since Sia was engaged to marry his nephew, Mamadi, who is in battle on behalf of the kingdom.  Mamadi returns and joins his uncle to do battle against the Python God.
The inspiration of Sia, le rêve du python is a seventh-century myth of the Wagadu people of Western Africa, which was adapted into the play La légende du Wagudu vue par Sia Yatabéré by Mauritanian writer Moussa Diagana.  He also adapted the screenplay with filmmaker Dani Kouyaté. _NEWLINE_Sia, le rêve du python played at the 2001 Panafrican Film and Television Festival of Ouagadougou (FESPACO), where it won the Special Jury Prize for a Feature Film. _NEWLINE_In May 2002, the film had its U.S. theatrical premiere.  Critical reaction was mostly positive. Dave Kehr, in the New York Times, praised Kouyate’s directing style as giving the film “a certain timeless quality,” though he noted its “measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious.” Wilson Morales, writing for BlackFilm.com, praised the film’s technical aspects, stating that the film "is visually stunning, as its costumes and settings capture the essence of what Africa looked like in ancient times." Elizabeth Zimmer of the Village Voice praised the timeless nature of the film’s plot, observing that "the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones, guns, and the internal combustion engine, but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow." _NEWLINE_Sia, le rêve du python was released in the U.S. on DVD in 2007 as a double-feature with another Burkinabé film, Tasuma, The Fighter.
Social Point was founded by Andrés Bou and Horacio Martos in 2008. Between 2008 and 2011, they launched 25 online social games. In January 2011, Social Point released the battle and strategy game Social Empires._NEWLINE_In July 2012, Social Point announced it had closed a Series B round of venture capital funding to the total of $10 million. TechCrunch reported that funding for the B.1 round was provided by Nauta Capital, Idinvest Partners and the BBVA bank._NEWLINE_Spanish newspaper Expansión printed an article in February 2013, stating that Greylock Partners had invested €2.9 million in Social Point in December 2012._NEWLINE_In November 2011, Social Point released Social Wars and a mobile version of Social Empires. In May 2012, the company announced the release of Dragon City for Facebook._NEWLINE_In December 2012, The Next Web ran an article announcing that Dragon City was ranked #2 in Facebook's 25 top rated games that year._NEWLINE_Social Point announced an iOS version of Dragon City in March 2013. An Android version was released globally in August 2014. Also in 2014, they launched a new combat and strategy title, Monster Legends, for Facebook, iOS and Android._NEWLINE_In 2013, Social Point announced its partnership with the mSchools Initiative, a multi-year, multi-faceted education initiative led by the Mobile World Capital Barcelona._NEWLINE_Social Point has confirmed that its staff will be involved in mentoring school children as part of the App Education Course element of the initiative: a computer science elective that will be offered in Catalan high schools to teach students about application design and prototype development._NEWLINE_The Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya published an article in October 2012 announcing that Social Point was an official collaborator in its master's program in Videogames Design._NEWLINE_In August 2013, VentureBeat named Social Point one of the 20 fastest growing mobile startups in the world._NEWLINE_According to the company, in 2015 it had a turnover of 85 million euros (50% coming from the United States) and its video games accumulated 180 millions downloads._NEWLINE_In January 2016, the company launched a new title, World Chef, and two months later, Dragon Land, both for iOS and Android._NEWLINE_In 2016, it generated $90 million in annual revenue and $20 million in profits according to parent company Take-Two Interactive
Soerip was born in Banyuwangi, East Java, Dutch East Indies, on 22 October 1921. She only completed two years of elementary school before she dropped out. She later became a kroncong singer, often billed as Miss Soerip. Owing to her habit of batting her eyelashes while singing, she was also nicknamed "Si Mata Roda"._NEWLINE_In 1940 Soerip made her feature film debut in Zoebaida, directed by Njoo Cheong Seng for Oriental Film. This was followed in 1941 by Panggilan Darah, in which Soerip was cast with Dhalia as orphaned sisters who try to make a living in the colonial capital of Batavia (now Jakarta). When the company folded, unable to recoup its expenses, Soerip migrated to Majestic Film. She completed three productions for the company: Air Mata Iboe, Djantoeng Hati, and Pantjawarna._NEWLINE_After the Japanese occupation of the Indies in March 1942, in which all but one domestic film studio was shut down, Soerip took a thirty-year hiatus from film, only returning to the industry in 1973 for Sopir Taxi. Owing to her age, she took the honorific Mbah (Grandmother), and was billed Mbah Soerip. During the following two decades she completed a further 20 films, including productions by Slamet Rahardjo, Teguh Karya, and Wim Umboh. A retrospective in Apa Siapa Film Indonesia particularly praises her performance in Rahardjo's Rembulan dan Matahari (1979)._NEWLINE_In 1990 Soerip made her last film, Cintaku di Way Kambas, and a soap opera, Bayang-Bayang. That year she was recognised by the National Film Council for her dedication to acting. Soerip died on 7 May 1992 in Jakarta.
Sukarni was born on 14 July 1916 in Sumberdiran, Garum, Blitar. The name Sukarni in Javanese means "to pay more attention". He was the fifth child of Dimun Kartodiwirjo, son of Diponegoro's right-hand man Onggomerto, and Supiah, a woman from Kediri. Sukarni's older siblings were Hono, Sukarlim, Sukarmilah, Sukardi, while the younger siblings were Suparti, Endang Sarti, Endi Sukarto, Sukarjo, and unnamed person who died as a child. Sukarni studied at Mardisiswo in Blitar, similar school to Taman Siswa that time. Sukarni continued to study at Hollandsch-Inlandsche School (HIS; Dutch school for natives). When Sukarni graduated from HIS and registered for Meer Uitgebreid Lager Onderwijs (MULO; secondary school), his father died in 1929. After graduating from MULO, Sukarni then continued his study to Kweekschool (teacher school) and Volks Universiteit (People University)._NEWLINE_According to Emalia Iragiliati, Sukarni once had become Sukarno's disciple in Bandung studying journalism, encouraged by Sukarno's elder sister, Wardoyo, in Blitar._NEWLINE_In 1930, Sukarni joined Perhimpunan Pemuda Pelajar Indonesia, which was later renamed to Indonesia Muda, and became the chairman of the Blitar section. He also joined Persatuan Pemuda Rakyat Indonesia (Perpri) section Purworejo. In 1933 he became the chairman of Indonesia Muda section Purworejo. Due to his activities in Indonesia Muda, Sukarni was dropped out of MULO but he was allowed to take special examination so he still graduated. Sukarni once created PPPI's rival, Persatuan Pemuda Kita because the former didn't allow youths who didn't go to school to join. After creating this, later both groups were merged and renamed to Indonesia Muda. In Indonesia Muda congress in Surabaya, Sukarni managed to persuade congress participants to approve his idea allowing youths that didn't go to school to join Indonesia Muda. In 1934, he was appointed as the chairman of Pengurus Besar Indonesia Muda. Sukarni helped Anwari and elder sister of Sukarno, Wardoyo, to establish Partindo section Blitar and for the first time met Wikana, Asmara Hadi, and SK Trimurti. to In the end of 1935, Sukarni was appointed as chairman of Perpri section Jakarta. In 1936, Sukarni translated Tan Malaka's brochures and pamphlets from Dutch to Indonesian and distributed them. He managed to escape arrest of Indonesia Muda members in the head office in Jakarta on 19 June 1936. Colonial government searched Sukarni due to his article in Indonesia Muda magazine encouraging youths to united against colonialism._NEWLINE_Sukarni who was pursued by the government then decided to go to Borneo. He said goodbye to his mother in Blitar and entrusted Indonesia Muda leadership to Ruslan Abdulgani. Sukarni was in disguise under the name Maidi in Borneo area from 1937 to 1940. He traveled to Banjarmasin then moved to Murung Pudak working as coolie at Bataafsche Petroleum Maatschappij. He then moved to Sangasanga worked as servant at one of BPM official house. He then moved to Balikpapan and served as opnemer in BPM topography department. He was then promoted to leerling opnemer._NEWLINE_Sukarni eventually was arrested by colonial government there before the Japanese attack on the Dutch East Indies - sometime in 1940 according to Husein Yusuf, while in disguise as the employee of the department of BPM. He was brought to Samarinda before jailed in Java, which was chosen over Boven Digul because Japanese army had attacked Dutch Indies. Sukarni was then  brought to Jakarta via Surabaya. Sukarni initially was jailed in Pasar Baru prison as European which may freely moved in daytime. Sukarni was then released and lived with Antara staffs._NEWLINE_Sukarni, people from Antara such as Adam Malik, A.M. Sipahutar, Pandu Kartawiguna, and Abdul Hakim, and other activists such as Asmara Hadi, Mulia, Wasdji Kartawiganda, and Wikana were arrested in December 1941 because the Dutch colonial government considered them  dangerous. At first they were jailed in Pasar Baru prison. They then moved to Sukabumi, then Garut then Sukabumi again. Before transferred to Australia, they were then moved to Nusakambangan on 2 March 1942 and settled there. The transport ship which they were deported with named KPM Tawali along with other ships docked there then were destroyed by Japanese attacks on 4 and 5 March. On 10th, all of the prisoners were set free including Sukarni, Adam Malik, and Wikana. On 15th, Sukarni and the others traveled to Maos by foot. They then crossed Serayu River then walked again to Jeruklegi. There they went to Jakarta using train from Bandung. In this train, Sukarni met Nursjiar, his future wife._NEWLINE_In Jakarta, Sukarni worked for several news agencies such as Antara, which was later replaced by Domei, and Sendenbu. During this time, according to Adam Malik, and according to Emalia Iragiliati that time was 1942, Sukarni married Nursjiar. Sukarni and the other young men worked in Sendenbu and other Japanese office to infiltrate and find information._NEWLINE_Sukarni persuaded chairman of Perhimpunan Pelajar-Pelajar Indonesia Chairul Saleh and chairman of Baperpi Supeno to establish an educational institution for Indonesian young men. In the end of 1942 the Ashrama Angkatan Baru or Ashrama Pemuda at Menteng 31 was founded and aided by Sendenbu. In 1943, the first two were responsible for organizing the institution as chairman and vice chairman respectively helped by A.M. Hanafi as secretary and I. Wiejaja as treasurer._NEWLINE_In this period, Sukarni also had some connection to Tan Malaka who worked for Japanese factory in Bayah, Banten, at the time. Sukarni had been visited by Husin, aliases of Tan Malaka, which Sukarni not knew about. They discussed about politics for one day before Husin visited other activists such as Chairul Saleh and Tjokroaminoto which Husin hadn't met, and Achmad Subardjo._NEWLINE_Sukarni became father in 1943 after Nursjiar gave birth Luhantara, their first son. A year later, they had another son, Kumalakanta._NEWLINE_Sukarni took part in the Kongres Pemuda meeting held between 16 and 18 May 1945 in Villa Isola, Bandung. The desire of the young men increased after the meeting, especially in Java. In the year Sukarni was also the chairman of Markas Besar Committee van Actie Menteng 31._NEWLINE_On 3 June 1945, Sukarni and 32 other young men held a meeting at Gedung Gambir Selatan. The result of the meeting was the appointment of 10 committee members led by B.M. Diah and Sukarni, Sudiro, Sjarif Thajeb, Harsono Tjokroaminoto, Wikana, Chairul Saleh, Gultom, Supeno, and Asmara Hadi, who were responsible for the talk of the formation of Gerakan Angkatan Baru Indonesia which was founded on 15 June._NEWLINE_Sometimes in PPKI meetings, the youth had some problem with the old. Sukarni and Chairul Saleh were transferred due to this._NEWLINE_Ashrama 31 was then dissolved on 15 August 1945 immediately after Japanese army surrendered. The activists from various youth groups then formed Committee van Actie headed by Sukarni, Chairul Saleh and Wikana as vices chairman, Adam Malik, Pandu Kartawiguna, Maruto Nitimihardjo, Djohar Nur, Darwis, A.M. Hanafi, and Armunanto as members._NEWLINE_At Sukarno's house on the night of 15 August, young men urged him to declare the independence of Indonesia. According to Sukarno in his autobiography, Sukarni was there urging him, but according to Sukarni, that time he was at Cikini 71 waiting the result of the discussion. The young men didn't want the independence as a present from Japanese. During the wait, Sukarni, dr Muwardi, Dr. Sutjipto, Chairul Saleh, Wikana, Jusuf Kunto, and the other planned the abduction of Sukarno-Hatta. Sukarni talked to Sukarno supporting the other young men's argument to declare independence when they began the abduction at dawn on the 16th._NEWLINE_Sukarni, Singgih, Muwardi, and Jusuf Kunto took Sukarno and Hatta to Rengasdengklok while Wikana and Chairul Saleh waited in Jakarta. Latief Hendradiningrat from Peta borrowed the youths' military uniforms and pistols to fool Japanese soldiers. Sukarni and Kunto went with Hatta, while Sukarno, his wife Fatmawati, and their son Guntur traveled in the other car. They arrived in Jakarta in the evening the same day after Achmad Subardjo followed them and managed to persuade the young men to go home._NEWLINE_Sukarno and Hatta were brought to Rear Admiral Maeda's house. Sukarni stated that he already prepared the revolt in several places in Jakarta. Maeda disagreed with the revolt because it was more dangerous than a proclamation. Sukarni, accompanied by Sayuti Melik and Maeda's subordinate Nishijima, then informed the people that were ready to cancel the revolt._NEWLINE_Sukarni and the other young men were at the house, now the Formulation of Proclamation Text Museum, during the writing of the proclamation manuscript. Sukarni advised the others to choose only Sukarno and Hatta to sign the declaration instead of all people who were there that time._NEWLINE_After the Central Indonesian National Committee (KNIP) was given the authority as the legislative on 17 October, Sukarni demanded the reform of the organization and appointed Sjahrir as the chairman instead of Kasman Singodimejo and as the formateur of the KNIP Working Group In November, Sukarni joined the Chairul Saleh-led Badan Kongres Pemuda in Yogyakarta._NEWLINE_In 1946, Sukarni's third child, Parialuti Indarwati, was born. On 31 March 1946, Persatuan Perdjuangan leaders were arrested by government authorities ordered by Sjahrir including Tan Malaka, secretary general Sukarni, and Sayuti Melik. In 1947, Sukarni was imprisoned in Ponorogo prison, Madiun, along with Tan Malaka, Moh. Yamin, and Ahmad Subardjo. Sukarni and Tan Malaka were then transferred to Magelang prison. They were released in September 1948 from the prison._NEWLINE_In November 1948, Sukarni was elected as chairman of Murba Party in the first congress mainly suggested by Tan Malaka. Mainly Sukarni-led Murba opposed the government policies especially Linggarjati, Renville, and KMB, except the decree reimposing 1945 Constitution._NEWLINE_Sukarni managed to escape from Yogyakarta down the Code River after the second military aggression was started. Sukarni and the other traveled to Imogiri then Gunungkidul escaping from Dutch army. Outside Yogyakarta, Sukarni helped Lieutenant Colonel Suharto carrying out guerrilla attacks. During these time, Sukarni strangely disguised under the name Suharto._NEWLINE_In 1949, Nursjiar gave birth to her fourth child, Goos Murbantoro. In 1952, Sukarni and Husein Yusuf traveled to Balikpapan to met the former old friends during at work at BPM. In 1953, Sukarni's last child, Emalia Iragiliati was born in Yogyakarta._NEWLINE_After the general election in 1955, Sukarni was appointed as a member of legislature, [[, and Badan Pekerja KNIP._NEWLINE_Sukarni was appointed by Sukarno as ambassador for People's Republic of China mid 1960. The leadership of Murba was passed to Wasid Suwarto. Sukarni then returned in March 1964._NEWLINE_After Indonesian's foreign diplomacy was inclined to Peking and communism, Sukarni was arrested on 5 January 1965 charged with coup d'état and Sukarno's assassination attempt using Badan Pendukung Sukarnoisme, while according to Hasyim Darif, Sukarni was arrested because of his action against Partai Komunis Indonesia (PKI; Communist Party of Indonesia). According to A. Hamzah Tuppu, Sukarno was provoked by Aidit. He was detained in detention center in Kejaksaan Agung RI office. After the power transition to New Order, in 1966 Sukarni was released._NEWLINE_Sukarni became the chairman of Murba after the party had been prohibited during Sukarni's detainment. When a rumor spread that Sukarno was about to be brought to military court, Sukarni asked Hamzah Tuppu personally to prevent it. Sukarni reasoned that if Sukarno was imprisoned, the republic would end because it had no dignity mentioning detainee every year in independence celebration._NEWLINE_Sukarni was elected as 4th Chairman of Dewan Harian Nasional  of Angkatan '45 after its first congress in April(pp. 258–9, according to Mayjen. M. Jasin) or September 1966 in Gelora Senayan. Sukarni then involved in Delegasi '45 along with other Angkatan '45 to persuade Sukarno to disband PKI to avoid civil war._NEWLINE_In 1967, Sukarni became the member of Dewan Pertimbangan Agung._NEWLINE_In 1970, Sukarni and Rasjidi involved in Musyawarah Besar Angkatan '45 in Berastagi, North Sumatera._NEWLINE_Some times in 1971, Sukarni was admitted to Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital._NEWLINE_Before 1971 general election, Sukarni persuade other social and political elements to join Murba. On 5 May 1971, Sukarni requested Darif to write text to speech to his campaign in general election which they met in the evening that day. Two days later on 7th, Sukarni died in early day in Jakarta. His remains were buried in Taman Makam Pahlawan Kalibata.
Sukarni was awarded posthumously Bintang Maha Putera IV. According to the Emalia Iragiliati, youngest daughter of Sukarni, Sukarni was able to speak Javanese, Indonesian, Dutch, German, and Japanese._NEWLINE_An exhibition about Sukarni and GSSJ Ratulangie was held from 6 until 30 August 2009 in the Formulation of Proclamation Text Museum, Jakarta._NEWLINE_On 7 November 2014, the government of Indonesia made Sukarni a National Hero along with Djamin Gintings, Mohammad Mangoendiprojo, and Abdul Wahab Chasbullah through Presidential Decree No. 115/TK/2014.
Superoptimization is the process of automatically finding the optimal code sequence for one loop-free sequence of instructions. It is performed in and by a type of computer software termed a compiler. Real-world compilers generally cannot produce genuinely optimal code. While most standard compiler optimizations only improve code partly, a superoptimizer's goal is to find the optimal sequence, the canonical form._NEWLINE_The term superoptimization was first coined by Henry Massalin in the 1987 paper Superoptimizer: A Look at the Smallest Program. In 1992, the GNU Superoptimizer (GSO) was developed to integrate into the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC). Later work further developed and extended these ideas. In 2001, goal-directed superoptimizing was demonstrated in the Denali project by Compaq research. In 2006, answer set declarative programming was used for superoptimising in the Total Optimisation using Answer Set Technology (TOAST) project at the University of Bath, and superoptimizing was used to automatically generate general-purpose peephole optimizers._NEWLINE_Typically, superoptimizing is performed via exhaustive brute-force search in the space of valid instruction sequences. This is a costly method, and thus impractical for general-purpose compilers. Yet, it has been shown to be useful in optimizing performance-critical inner loops.
It was founded in 2004 as Wayang Party, and renamed Temasek Review in 2009, using an old name for Singapore. In late 2010, it was involved in a dispute with government-linked corporation Temasek Holdings over its name. Temasek Holdings argued that Temasek Review had been used as the name of the company's annual report since 2004 and that the Javanese word Temasek was "indisputably associated with Temasek [Holdings]" and that the website "was just trying to capitalise on the goodwill and reputation" linked to it. The website was renamed Temasek Review Emeritus on 25 May 2011. After a period offline, it was relaunched as TR Emeritus in December of that year. The shortened name was chosen to avoid trademark complications with Temasek Holdings.
A tablet computer, commonly shortened to tablet, is a mobile device, typically with a mobile operating system and touchscreen display processing circuitry, and a rechargeable battery in a single, thin and flat package. Tablets, being computers, do what other personal computers do, but lack some input/output (I/O) abilities that others have. Modern tablets largely resemble modern smartphones, the only differences being that tablets are relatively larger than smartphones, with screens 7 inches (18 cm) or larger, measured diagonally, and may not support access to a cellular network._NEWLINE_The touchscreen display is operated by gestures executed by finger or digital pen (stylus), instead of the mouse, trackpad, and keyboard of larger computers. Portable computers can be classified according to the presence and appearance of physical keyboards. Two species of tablet, the slate and booklet, do not have physical keyboards and usually accept text and other input by use of a virtual keyboard shown on their touchscreen displays. To compensate for their lack of a physical keyboard, most tablets can connect to independent physical keyboards by wireless Bluetooth or USB; 2-in-1 PCs have keyboards, distinct from tablets._NEWLINE_The form of the tablet was conceptualized in the middle of the 20th century (Stanley Kubrick depicted fictional tablets in the 1968 science fiction film 2001: A Space Odyssey) and prototyped and developed in the last two decades of that century. In 2010, Apple released the iPad, the first mass-market tablet to achieve widespread popularity. Thereafter tablets rapidly rose in ubiquity and soon became a large product category used for personal, educational and workplace applications, with sales stabilizing in the mid-2010s.
The tablet computer and its associated operating system began with the development of pen computing. Electrical devices with data input and output on a flat information display existed as early as 1888 with the telautograph, which used a sheet of paper as display and a pen attached to electromechanical actuators. Throughout the 20th century devices with these characteristics have been imagined and created whether as blueprints, prototypes, or commercial products. In addition to many academic and research systems, several companies released commercial products in the 1980s, with various input/output types tried out.
Following earlier tablet computer products such as the Pencept PenPad, and the CIC Handwriter, in September 1989, GRiD Systems released the first commercially successful tablet computer, the GRiDPad. All three products were based on extended versions of the MS-DOS operating system. In 1992, IBM announced (in April) and shipped to developers (in October) the 2521 ThinkPad, which ran the GO Corporation's PenPoint OS. Also based on PenPoint was AT&T's EO Personal Communicator from 1993, which ran on AT&T's own hardware, including their own AT&T Hobbit CPU. Apple Computer launched the Apple Newton personal digital assistant in 1993. It used Apple's own new Newton OS, initially running on hardware manufactured by Motorola and incorporating an ARM CPU, that Apple had specifically co-developed with Acorn Computers. The operating system and platform design were later licensed to Sharp and Digital Ocean, who went on to manufacture their own variants._NEWLINE_In 1996, Palm, Inc. released the first of the Palm OS based PalmPilot touch and stylus based PDA, the touch based devices initially incorporating a Motorola Dragonball (68000) CPU. Also in 1996 Fujitsu released the Stylistic 1000 tablet format PC, running Microsoft Windows 95, on a 100 MHz AMD486 DX4 CPU, with 8 MB RAM offering stylus input, with the option of connecting a conventional Keyboard and mouse. Intel announced a StrongARM processor-based touchscreen tablet computer in 1999, under the name WebPAD. It was later re-branded as the "Intel Web Tablet". In 2000, Norwegian company Screen Media AS and the German company Dosch & Amand Gmbh released the " FreePad". It was based on Linux and used the Opera browser. Internet access was provided by DECT DMAP, only available in Europe and provided up to 10Mbit/s. The device had 16 MB storage, 32 MB of RAM and x86 compatible 166 MHz "Geode"-Microcontroller by National Semiconductor. The screen was 10.4" or 12.1" and was touch sensitive. It had slots for SIM cards to enable support of television set-up box. FreePad were sold in Norway and the Middle East; but the company was dissolved in 2003._NEWLINE_In April 2000, Microsoft launched the Pocket PC 2000, using their touch capable Windows CE 3.0 operating system. The devices were manufactured by several manufacturers, based on a mix of: x86, MIPS, ARM, and SuperH hardware. In 2002, Microsoft attempted to define the Microsoft Tablet PC as a mobile computer for field work in business, though their devices failed, mainly due to pricing and usability decisions that limited them to their original purpose - such as the existing devices being too heavy to be held with one hand for extended periods, and having legacy applications created for desktop interfaces and not well adapted to the slate format._NEWLINE_Nokia had plans for an Internet tablet since before 2000. An early model was test manufactured in 2001, the Nokia M510, which was running on EPOC and featuring an Opera browser, speakers and a 10-inch 800×600 screen, but it was not released because of fears that the market was not ready for it. Nokia entered the tablet space in May 2005 with the Nokia 770 running Maemo, a Debian-based Linux distribution custom-made for their Internet tablet line. The user interface and application framework layer, named Hildon, was an early instance of a software platform for generic computing in a tablet device intended for internet consumption. But Nokia didn't commit to it as their only platform for their future mobile devices and the project competed against other in-house platforms and later replaced it with the Series 60. Nokia used the term internet tablet to refer to a portable information appliance that focused on Internet use and media consumption, in the range between a personal digital assistant (PDA) and an Ultra-Mobile PC (UMPC). They made two mobile phones, the N900 that runs Maemo, and N9 that run Meego._NEWLINE_Before the release of iPad, Axiotron introduced an aftermarket, heavily modified Apple MacBook called Modbook, a Mac OS X-based tablet computer. The Modbook uses Apple's Inkwell for handwriting and gesture recognition, and uses digitization hardware from Wacom. To get Mac OS X to talk to the digitizer on the integrated tablet, the Modbook was supplied with a third-party driver._NEWLINE_Following the launch of the Ultra-mobile PC, Intel began the Mobile Internet Device initiative, which took the same hardware and combined it with a tabletized Linux configuration. Intel codeveloped the lightweight Moblin (mobile Linux) operating system following the successful launch of the Atom CPU series on netbooks. In 2010, Nokia and Intel combined the Maemo and Moblin projects to form MeeGo, a Linux-based operating system supports netbooks and tablets. The first tablet using MeeGo was the Neofonie WeTab launched September 2010 in Germany. The WeTab used an extended version of the MeeGo operating system called WeTab OS. WeTab OS adds runtimes for Android and Adobe AIR and provides a proprietary user interface optimized for the WeTab device. On September 27, 2011 the Linux Foundation announced that MeeGo would be replaced in 2012 by Tizen.
Android was the first of the 2000s-era dominating platforms for tablet computers to reach the market. In 2008, the first plans for Android-based tablets appeared. The first products were released in 2009. Among them was the Archos 5, a pocket-sized model with a 5-inch touchscreen, that was first released with a proprietary operating system and later (in 2009) released with Android 1.4. The Camangi WebStation was released in Q2 2009. The first LTE Android tablet appeared late 2009 and was made by ICD for Verizon. This unit was called the Ultra, but a version called Vega was released around the same time. Ultra had a 7-inch display while Vega's was 15 inches. Many more products followed in 2010. Several manufacturers waited for Android Honeycomb, specifically adapted for use with tablets, which debuted in February 2011._NEWLINE_Apple is often credited for defining a new class of consumer device with the iPad, which shaped the commercial market for tablets in the following years, and was the most successful tablet at the time of its release. iPads and competing devices were tested by the US military in 2011 and cleared for secure use in 2013. Its debut in 2010 pushed tablets into the mainstream. Samsung's Galaxy Tab and others followed, continuing the trends towards the features listed above. In March 2012, PC Magazine reported that 31% of U.S. Internet users owned a tablet, used mainly for viewing published content such as video and news. The top-selling line of devices was Apple's iPad with 100 million sold between its release in April 2010 and mid-October 2012, but iPad market share (number of units) dropped to 36% in 2013 with Android tablets climbing to 62%. Android tablet sales volume was 121 million devices, plus 52 million, between 2012 and 2013 respectively. Individual brands of Android operating system devices or compatibles follow iPad with Amazon's Kindle Fire with 7 million, and Barnes & Noble's Nook with 5 million._NEWLINE_The BlackBerry PlayBook was announced in September 2010 that ran the BlackBerry Tablet OS. The BlackBerry PlayBook was officially released to US and Canadian consumers on April 19, 2011. Hewlett Packard announced that the TouchPad, running WebOS 3.0 on a 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU, would be released in June 2011. On August 18, 2011, HP announced the discontinuation of the TouchPad, due to sluggish sales. In 2013, the Mozilla Foundation announced a prototype tablet model with Foxconn which ran on Firefox OS. Firefox OS was discontinued in 2016. The Canonical hinted that Ubuntu would be available on tablets by 2014. In February 2016 there was a commercial release of the BQ Aquaris Ubuntu tablet utilizing the Ubuntu Touch operating system. Canonical terminated support for the project due to lack of market interest on 5 April 2017 and it was then adopted by the UBports as a community project._NEWLINE_As of February 2014, 83% of mobile app developers were targeting tablets, but 93% of developers were targeting smartphones. By 2014 around 23% of B2B companies were said to have deployed tablets for sales-related activities, according to a survey report by Corporate Visions. The iPad held majority use in North America, Western Europe, Japan, Australia, and most of the Americas. Android tablets were more popular in most of Asia (China and Russia an exception), Africa and Eastern Europe. In 2015 tablet sales did not increase. Apple remained the largest seller but its market share declined below 25%. Samsung vice president Gary Riding said early in 2016 that tablets were only doing well among those using them for work. Newer models were more expensive and designed for a keyboard and stylus, which reflected the changing uses. As of early 2016, Android reigned over the market with 65%. Apple took the number 2 spot with 26%, and Windows took a distant third with the remaining 9%. In 2018, out of 4.4 billion computing devices Android accounted for 2 billion, iOS for 1 billion, and the remainder were PCs, in various forms (desktop, notebook, or tablet), running various operating systems (Windows, macOS, ChromeOS, Linux, etc.)._NEWLINE_In late 2017, the iPad Pro received the iOS 11 update, adding the ability to run multiple windows, drag and drop from one app to another, and browse a user's files.
Android is a Linux-based operating system that Google offers as open source under the Apache license. It is designed primarily for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers. Android supports low-cost ARM systems and others. The first tablets running Android were released in 2009. Vendors such as Motorola and Lenovo delayed deployment of their tablets until after 2011, when Android was reworked to include more tablet features. Android 3.0 (Honeycomb), released in 2011 and later versions support larger screen sizes, mainly tablets, and have access to the Google Play service. Android includes operating system, middleware and key applications. Other vendors sell customized Android tablets, such as Kindle Fire and Nook, which are used to consume mobile content and provide their own app store, rather than using the larger Google Play system, thereby fragmenting the Android market.
Following Windows for Pen Computing for Windows 3.1 in 1991, Microsoft supported tablets running Windows XP under the Microsoft Tablet PC name.  Microsoft Tablet PCs were pen-based, fully functional x86 PCs with handwriting and voice recognition functionality. Windows XP Tablet PC Edition provided pen support. Tablet support was added to both Home and Business versions of Windows Vista and Windows 7. Tablets running Windows could use the touchscreen for mouse input, hand writing recognition and gesture support. Following Tablet PC, Microsoft announced the Ultra-mobile PC initiative in 2006 which brought Windows tablets to a smaller, touch-centric form factor. In 2008, Microsoft showed a prototype of a two-screen tablet called Microsoft Courier, but cancelled the project._NEWLINE_In 2012, Microsoft released Windows 8, which features significant changes to various aspects of the operating system's user interface and platform which are designed for touch-based devices such as tablets. The operating system also introduced an application store and a new style of application optimized primarily for use on tablets. Microsoft also introduced Windows RT, an edition of Windows 8 for use on ARM-based devices. The launch of Windows 8 and RT was accompanied by the release of devices with the two operating systems by various manufacturers (including Microsoft themselves, with the release of Surface), such as slate tablets, hybrids, and convertibles._NEWLINE_Released in July 2015, Windows 10 introduces what Microsoft described as "universal apps"; expanding on Metro-style apps, these apps can be designed to run across multiple Microsoft product families with nearly identical code‍—‌including PCs, tablets, smartphones, embedded systems, Xbox One, Surface Hub and Windows Holographic. The Windows user interface was revised to handle transitions between a mouse-oriented interface and a touchscreen-optimized interface based on available input devices‍—‌particularly on 2-in-1 PCs; both interfaces include an updated Start menu. Windows 10 replaced all earlier editions of Windows.
Haynes earned three degrees from Eastern Kentucky University: a B.S in Mathematics and Education in 1975, M.A. in Mathematics and Education in 1978, and M.S in Mathematical Sciences in 1984. She completed her Ph.D in Computer Science in 1988 from the University of Central Florida. Her dissertation was On --Insensitive Domination and was supervised by Robert C. Brigham._NEWLINE_Haynes worked as a mathematics teacher from 1975 to 1978 and as a telephone engineer from 1978 to 1981. She became a mathematics and computer science instructor at Pikeville College in 1981, and moved to Prestonburg Community College in 1983._NEWLINE_After completing her doctorate in 1988, she became an assistant professor at East Tennessee State, and she was promoted to full professor there in 1999.
Although Daggerfall did not come with official modding tools like later The Elder Scrolls releases, enthusiasts for the game developed tools on their own to access the game's content soon after its release; as a result, a number of additional quests, graphical enhancements, and gameplay features were developed by third parties. Notable works include AndyFall and DaedraFall._NEWLINE_After the end of official support by Bethesda, some mod makers have repaired bugs in the latest official release of Daggerfall with community patches or engine remakes. The DFQFIX quest-fix pack and HackFall were the most recent attempts at this. DaggerfallSetup is a community-made Daggerfall installer for modern Windows versions. The aim of this project is to install and easily run a fully patched Daggerfall on a modern Windows operating system under usage of the DOSBox emulator. This game installer setup contains many official and unofficial patches and also fan translations for several languages, including French, Russian, Spanish, and German._NEWLINE_There are also fan-made game engine rewrite projects for Daggerfall, which aim for native compatibility with modern operating systems and hardware (as opposed to being run in DOS, or through DOSBox). The XL Engine was started in June 2009 named DaggerXL and merged in 2011 with another engine rewrite project to the XL Engine. As a result of the merger a significant amount of the project's development since 2011 has involved the refactoring of the XL Engine itself. The final goal of the XL Engine is the support of many classical 3D game engines. Additional goals – for Daggerfall specifically – include the implementation of features that were initially promised for the game, but were not included (or only partially coded in) at the time of its release in 1996. As of August 2012, DaggerXL supports character creation, the rendering of all provinces and dungeons, user-definable display resolution (including smoothed terrain and Bloom), and basic gameplay. In April 2018 the XL Engine's source code was released under MIT license on GitHub._NEWLINE_Daggerfall Unity is another open-source recreation of  Daggerfall using the Unity game engine with active development as of August, 2019. In July, the first Alpha release has been made available for download on the project's official website; unlike DaggerXL, Daggerfall Unity is now playable from start to finish with all the core features of the original Daggerfall.
In computer networking and databases, the three-phase commit protocol (3PC) is a distributed algorithm which lets all nodes in a distributed system agree to commit a transaction. It is a refinement of the two-phase commit protocol (2PC) which is more resilient to failures.
Thumbnails are reduced-size versions of pictures or videos, used to help in recognizing and organizing them, serving the same role for images as a normal text index does for words. In the age of digital images, visual search engines and image-organizing programs normally use thumbnails, as do most modern operating systems or desktop environments, such as Microsoft Windows, macOS, KDE (Linux) and GNOME (Linux). On web pages, they also avoid the need to download larger files unnecessarily.
In addition to the standard three-year Regents English program, all students take a "fifth year" of English as freshman in the form of classes in linguistics and writing processes.  In addition to the standard modern language requirement which may be fulfilled with classes in Spanish, French or Japanese, students must have a two-year classical language requirement which can be fulfilled by classes in Latin or classical Greek (in addition, Hebrew is offered as an elective course). There is also a rigorous physical education requirement, especially freshman gym, and a senior project required of students. A variety of electives and AP classes are also offered to students. As of 2004, AP World History became a mandatory subject and replaced the Regents-level course. Every subject requires students to execute at least one major project a year, with history classes requiring one per semester and English several per semester.  These projects are referred to as "collaterals."_NEWLINE_In the 2008-2009 school year, Townsend Harris is offering the following Advanced Placement (AP) classes: World History, United States History, United States Government, Environmental Science, Psychology, Calculus AB/BC, Computer Science, Japanese Language and Culture, Latin: Vergil, Statistics, French Language, Art History, and Spanish Language, Spanish Literature._NEWLINE_The most notable feature of the school's curriculum is the senior "bridge year" program.  Students in good standing may take up to 12 credits at Queens College at no cost to themselves.  This includes a required humanities seminar co-taught by Harris teachers and Queens College faculty. Though the class is offered by the college, it is open exclusively to Harris students.  The curriculum and format is fairly similar to the Great Books seminars required of liberal arts freshman at colleges around the world._NEWLINE_Recently, a number of other New York City public high schools have been established that have similar "bridge year" programs. These include the High School of American Studies at Lehman College, Queens High School for the Sciences at York College, and Bard High School Early College.
There are many bus terminals in the city, from where buses operate on numerous routes to connect neighborhoods within the city limit, to other areas of Greater Jakarta area and to cities across the island of Java. The biggest of the bus terminal is Pulo Gebang Bus Terminal, which is arguably the largest of its kind in Southeast Asia. Besides TransJakarta, other private owned bus systems like Kopaja, MetroMini, Mayasari Bakti and PPD also provide important services for Jakarta commuters with numerous routes throughout the city. Since January 2013, Jakarta Government has integrated Kopaja AC buses with TransJakarta feeder bus routes. For the future, Metromini AC bus it is also possible to enter TransJakarta bus lanes to enhance integrated bus rapid transit system.
In 1966, an estimated 160 thousand pedicabs (becak) operated in the city; as much as 15% of Jakarta's total workforce was engaged in becak driving. In 1971, becaks were banned from major roads, and shortly thereafter the government attempted a total ban, which substantially reduced their numbers but did not eliminate them. A campaign to eliminate them succeeded in 1990 and 1991, but during the economic crisis of 1998, some returned amid less effective government attempts to control them. Becaks were banned because they caused traffic congestion and they were seen as the exploitation of humans by other humans. Becaks were replaced by bemo, betor, helicak, minicar, and bajaj. In 2018, Governor Anies Baswedan attempted to allow becaks again because of a political contract with becak drivers during his campaign. Most cycle rickshaw drivers in the 1980s were former landless agricultural laborers from rural areas of Java. As of March 2018, there are about 1,500 becaks in Jakarta._NEWLINE_Bajaj auto rickshaw provide local transportation in the back streets of some parts of the city. From the early 1940s to 1991 they were a common form of local transportation in the city. They are colored blue (for the ones which use Compressed natural gas) and orange (for the ones which use normal gasoline fuel). The blue ones are imported from India with the brand of Bajaj and TVS and the orange ones are the old design from 1990. The government is currently replacing the orange bajajs with the blue ones because blue bajajs are less polluting and the gas fuel is cheaper. Bemo was a three-wheeled vehicle similar to bajaj, which were eliminated in 1996 because they were old, too dangerous and cause much pollution, but they continued to exist until recently, when in 2017, Bajaj Qute was introduced to replace bemo. Angkot microbuses also play a major role in road transport of Jakarta. They operates in numerous routes to connect neighbourhoods of the city.
Long-distance railways and local tram services were first introduced during the Dutch colonial era. While the trams were replaced with buses in the post-colonial era, long-distance railways continued to connect the city to its neighbouring regions as well as cities throughout the island of Java. Main terminus for long distance train services are Gambir and Pasar Senen. High-speed railways are planned connecting Jakarta-Bandung and Jakarta-Surabaya.
In  addition to the main user interface of the electronic dictionary, a ‘hotkey’ feature allows the user to click on a word in any program that uses editable text including web browsers and PDF documents, and source code. When a word is clicked, the translation or definition is displayed in a small pop-up window. The hotkey tool does not require previous launching  of the software application._NEWLINE_The word stemming function allows searches from inflected forms of a word into the root word, such as in French, (allez → aller) with further extension by lemmatisation. Full verb conjugation in  all tenses, and number conversion from digits to text in the available languages (e.g. "123" → "one hundred twenty-three"), are available through  the program interface, as well as free access to  online examples of language in  use, and a discussion forum moderated by linguists and lexicographers._NEWLINE_The search algorithms are tolerant of capitalisation, minor misspelling, and omitted accents and diacritics. Extensive lexical information is provided including irregular plurals,  irregular verb forms, phrases and examples of use, American English and British English variations,  and grammar references. IPA transcription is given, while several language modules are also enabled for text-to-speech._NEWLINE_The application interface can be either permanently displayed above or alongside any other open program windows, or allowed to ‘float’ above open windows and is resizable._NEWLINE_An integrated learning tool provides a full screen flashcard feature that can work with the words in  the language databases, and user-added definitions.
The concept of the Ultralingua dictionary software began in 1996 when a small group of professors from Carleton College had the idea of creating a French dictionary that allowed the user to look up words on the fly with drag-and-drop technology, to and from a work in progress._NEWLINE_The dictionary program was first developed for the Apple Macintosh only. It was launched as freeware in 1997 under the name of Le Francophile and distributed mainly on the cover floppy discs of Mac magazines. It was commercialised in  1999 as  shareware as a fully functional application that could be obtained online from download sites. By the year 2000, with the collaboration of additional specialists in lexicography and linguistics, the product range had expanded to include language modules for Spanish and German,  and was released for Windows. A French-German module was added in 2002._NEWLINE_Concurrent  with the opening of the Apple App Store in  2008, the language tools were launched for the iPhone._NEWLINE_The major languages and features of the dictionary program have been offered free online since 2005 and take into account all the improvements of regular releases. _NEWLINE_By 2009 the software package was offering 17 dictionaries and additional language tools for widely spoken world languages._NEWLINE_Version 7.1.4 (Mac) and version 7.0.0.0 (Windows), released in the fall of 2008 and May 2009 respectively, incorporated a completely redesigned GUI and addressed many of the suggestions for improvement made in an exhaustive independent evaluation of version 6.0 by the State University of Texas (CALICO)._NEWLINE_Though many people have been involved in the development of Ultralingua's code and data, the founders and main contributors to its development are the Chair Professors of Carleton's Linguistics and Computer Science departments. Elements of Ultralingua software have been developed in collaboration with Princeton University, and The Carnegie Mellon Pronouncing Dictionary, by Carnegie Mellon University. Additional code libraries used include contributions by CTGradient, ShortcutRecorder (BSD License), PTHotKey, Sparkle for application updates, and the hotkey code includes software licensed from TrufSoft.com.
In 2013-2014, Lindberg headed Rackspace's efforts against Rotatable Technologies, LLC, a non-practicing entity that was accusing companies of infringing patent U.S. 6,326,978 for using screen-rotation capabilities in apps running on the iOS and Android mobile operating systems. Rackspace rejected an immediate offer to settle the patent infringement case for $75,000 and instead instituted an inter partes review, leading to the patent being declared invalid. At the time of the decision, Rotatable had pending suits against 31 other companies.
Lindberg has been in the leadership of various open source foundations. He has been an officer of the Python Software Foundation since 2007, serving as PyCon chair, general counsel, as well as Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Board. From 2013-2017, he was on the board of directors for the OpenStack Foundation and in 2014, Lindberg was the first chair of the Docker Governance Advisory Board.
With the Syrian Civil War, the Kurdish populated area in Northern Syria has gained de facto autonomy as the Federation of Northern Syria - Rojava, with the leading political actor being the progressive Democratic Union Party (PYD). Kurdish women have several armed and non-armed organizations in Rojava, and enhancing women's rights is a major focus of the political and societal agenda. Kurdish female fighters in the Women's Protection Units (YPJ) played a key role during the Siege of Kobani and in rescuing Yazidis trapped on Mount Sinjar, and their achievements have attracted international attention as a rare example of strong female achievement in a region in which women are heavily repressed._NEWLINE_The civil laws of Syria are valid in Rojava, as far as they do not conflict with the Constitution of Rojava. One notable example for amendment is personal status law, in Syria still Sharia-based, where Rojava introduced civil law and proclaims absolute equality of women under the law and a ban on forced marriage as well as polygamy was introduced, while underage marriage was outlawed as well. For the first time in Syrian history, civil marriage is being allowed and promoted, a significant move towards a secular open society and intermarriage between people of different religious backgrounds._NEWLINE_The legal efforts to reduce cases of underage marriage, polygamy and honor killings are underpinned by comprehensive public awareness campaigns. In every town and village, a women's house is established. These are community centers run by women, providing services to survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault and other forms of harm. These services include counseling, family mediation, legal support, and coordinating safe houses for women and children. Classes on economic independence and social empowerment programs are also held at women's houses._NEWLINE_All administrative organs in Rojava are required to have male and female co-chairs, and forty percent of the members of any governing body in Rojava must be female. An estimated 25 percent of the Asayish police force of the Rojava cantons are women, and joining the Asayish is described in international media as a huge act of personal and societal liberation from an extremely patriarchical background, for ethnic Kurdish and ethnic Arab women alike._NEWLINE_The PYD's political agenda of "trying to break the honor-based religious and tribal rules that confine women" is controversial in conservative quarters of society.
In March 2000, X.com merged with Confinity, its fiercest competitor, the new company being called X.com. Musk was its biggest shareholder and was appointed as its CEO. Also started in 1999, Confinity's product PayPal enabled users having Palm Pilots to send money to each other through its infrared ports. Subsequently, PayPal developed to allow users to send money using email and the web._NEWLINE_In September 2000 Musk was replaced by Peter Thiel, the co-founder of Confinity. In June 2001, X.com was renamed PayPal. _NEWLINE_On 5 July 2017, Musk repurchased the domain name X.com from PayPal. He explained later that he bought the website because "it has great sentimental value"._NEWLINE_On 14 July 2017, X.com was launched again, consisting of a blank white page with one "x" in the top left corner, and a custom error page displaying a "y". The site displays this way due to having nothing in its source code except the single letter "x". In December, X.com redirected visitors to The Boring Company's website, which Musk also owns. This was done in order to advertise a hat sale._NEWLINE_X.com no longer redirects to The Boring Company, having reverted to the previous state of the blank page with one "x" in the top left corner.  Subpages redirect to a blank page with a "y" in the same corner.
The "Z" of Z-machine stands for Zork, Infocom's first adventure game. Z-code files usually have names ending in .z1, .z2, .z3, .z4, .z5, .z6, .z7, or .z8, where the number is the version number of the Z-machine on which the file is intended to be run, as given by the first byte of the story file._NEWLINE_This is a modern convention, however. Infocom itself used extensions of .dat (Data) and .zip (ZIP = Z-machine Interpreter Program), but the latter clashed with the widespread use of .zip for PKZIP-compatible archive files starting in the 1990s, after Activision closed Infocom. Infocom produced six versions of the Z-machine. Files using versions 1 and 2 are very rare. Only two version 1 files are known to have been released by Infocom and only two of version 2. Version 3 covers the majority of Infocom's released games. Later versions had more capabilities, culminating in some graphic support in version 6._NEWLINE_The compiler (called Zilch) that Infocom used to produce its story files has never been released, although documentation of the language used (ZIL, a Lisp-family language similar to MDL) still exists, and an open-source replacement has been written. After Mediagenic moved Infocom to California in 1989, Computer Gaming World stated that "ZIL ... is functionally dead", and reported rumors of a "completely new parser that may never be used". In May 1993, Graham Nelson released the first version of his Inform compiler, which also generates Z-machine story files as its output, even though the Inform source language is quite different from ZIL._NEWLINE_Inform has become popular in the interactive fiction community. A large proportion of interactive fiction is in the form of Z-machine story files. Demand for the ability to create larger game files led Nelson to specify versions 7 and 8 of the Z-machine, though version 7 is rarely used. Because of the way addresses are handled, a version 3 story file can be up to 128K in length, a version 5 story can be up to 256K in length, and a version 8 story can be up to 512k in length. Though these sizes may seem small by today's computing standards, for text-only adventures, these are large enough for elaborate games._NEWLINE_During the 1990s, Nelson drew up a Z-Machine Standard based on detailed studies of the existing Infocom files.
Interpreters for Z-code files are available on a wide variety of platforms. The Inform website lists links to freely available interpreters for 15 desktop operating systems (including 8-bit microcomputers from the 1980s such as the Apple II, TRS-80, and ZX Spectrum, and grouping "Unix" and "Windows" as one each), 10 mobile operating systems (including Palm OS and the Game Boy), and three interpreter platforms (Emacs, Java, and JavaScript). According to Nelson, it is "possibly the most portable virtual machine ever created"._NEWLINE_Popular interpreters include Nitfol and Frotz. Nitfol makes use of the Glk API, and supports versions 1 through 8 of the Z-machine, including the version 6 graphical Z-machine. Save files are stored in the standard Quetzal save format. Binary files are available for several different operating systems, including Macintosh, Linux, DOS, and Windows._NEWLINE_Another popular client for the Mac (OS X) is Zoom. It supports the same Quetzal save-format, but the packaging of the file-structure is different._NEWLINE_Frotz was written in C by Stefan Jokisch in 1995 for DOS. Over time it was ported to other platforms, such as Unix, RISC OS, Mac OS, and iOS. Sound effects and graphics were supported to varying degrees. By 2002, development stalled and the program was picked up by David Griffith. The code base was split between virtual machine and user interface portions in such a way that the virtual machine became independent from any user interface. This allowed more variety in porting Frotz. One of the stranger ports is also one of the simplest: an instant messaging bot is wrapped around a version of Frotz with the minimum IO functionality creating a bot with which one can play most Z-machine games using an instant messaging client.
Rosena Allin-Khan, an accident and emergency doctor and deputy leader of the Labour group on Wandsworth Council, was the Labour candidate._NEWLINE_Dan Watkins was the Conservative Party's candidate. He was the 2015 candidate and is currently the party's spokesman for Tooting and a local campaigner for issues including for a local station on the planned Crossrail 2 railway._NEWLINE_Esther Obiri-Darko was the Green Party's  candidate. She also stood at the 2015 election._NEWLINE_Alex Glassbrook, a local barrister and volunteer lawyer, was the candidate for the Liberal Democrats._NEWLINE_Elizabeth Jones, who recently stood in the London Assembly election stood for the UK Independence Party (UKIP)._NEWLINE_Des Coke stood for the Christian Peoples Alliance._NEWLINE_Howling Laud Hope was the candidate of the Monster Raving Loony Party._NEWLINE_There were three independent candidates: Zirwa Javaid, Zia Samadani and Smiley Smillie. Ankit Love, who was a candidate in the London mayoral election, stood for One Love Party. Akbar Ali Malik stood under the banner of the Immigrants Political Party. Graham Moore stood for the English Democrats. Bobby Smith, leader of Give Me Back Elmo and perennial election candidate, stood for his party._NEWLINE_Former MP George Galloway had floated the idea of standing after his candidacy in the London mayoral election, but withdrew, citing fears of splitting the Labour vote and thus allowing the Conservatives to win.
Fahdawi was born in 1986. In 2006, while studying computer science at the University of Anbar, he was arrested by US forces on charges of belonging to Al-Qaeda in Iraq. Following his arrest Fahdawi was detained by US forces at the Camp Bucca detention facility in southern Iraq until 2009, when he was sentenced to death and moved to Tikrit Central Prison in Saladin Governorate._NEWLINE_Fahdawi was one of 110 detainees who escaped the prison in 2012, following a riot and an attack by forces from the Islamic State of Iraq. He had learnt from the senior ISIS leaders he had been imprisoned with, and he became a field commander in Anbar province after his release. Iraqi officials blamed him for a long list of terror-related offences and put a $50,000 bounty on him._NEWLINE_By 2014, Fahdawi was playing an important role in leading combat operations of the group, now known as Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, in Anbar.
ADC is structured around clients that connect to a central hub, where the clients (users) can chat and download files from other clients (users). The hub provides routing between clients for chat, searches and requests for connections. The actual file transfers are between clients._NEWLINE_The protocol itself is split in two parts: a base protocol that every client and hub respectively must follow and extensions that are optional. The protocols allow signalling of protocol features (such as bloom filters), and messages can be constructed to only be routed to those who support that particular feature._NEWLINE_Each hub has their own rules and are commonly governed by hub operators. Hubs may define different capabilities for hub operators. The hubs themselves do not regulate discussion and files, but the hub operators. The hub regulate minimum share and maximum amount of simultaneous hubs; things that are sent by the client, rather than the user._NEWLINE_Lists of hubs  exist where a hub's name, description, address and rules are specified. With the hub list, users can choose hubs that are similar according to the user's liking of discussion topics and files._NEWLINE_The peer-to-peer part of the protocol is based on a concept of "slots"  (similar to number of open positions for a job). These slots denote the number of people that are allowed to download from a user at any time. The slots are controlled by the user of respective client._NEWLINE_ADC require that all text must be sent in UTF-8, which means that users with different system encoding (say, Russian and Chinese) are able to chat with respective native characters._NEWLINE_The protocol natively supports IPv6._NEWLINE_There are two modes a user can be in: "active" or "passive". Clients in active mode can download from anyone else on the network. Passive mode users can only download from active users. Passive clients will be sent search results through the hub, while active clients will receive the results directly. An active searcher will receive (at most) 10 results per user and a passive searcher will receive (at most) 5 results per user. NAT traversal exist as a protocol extension, which allow passive users to connect to other passive users._NEWLINE_The base protocol does not require encryption, but extensions exist to provide encryption with TLS._NEWLINE_Files in client connections are identified by their hash, most commonly the Tiger Tree Hash. The hash algorithm is negotiated with the hub and used throughout the client-hub session, as well as subsequent client-client connections.
Kōdate graduated in mechanical engineering from the University of Ibaragi in 1948, when postwar Japan was still recovering from World War II During university, he started working as a lathe turner operator, which gave him a solid foundation for his future endeavors._NEWLINE_After being in charge of production control for a while, Kōdate became a design engineer for a manufacturing company producing sawing machines and trying to emerge from the industrial void of the period. Kōdate was willing to understand how to provide a greater contribution to the recovery of Japan and improve efficiency among its workers with the limited resources available (both material and human). He sought contacts and reference literature that could fulfill his objectives and open the minds of people to the idea that work could be made easier and more effective. One of his senior colleagues suggested to him to read a book by Shigeo Shingō, which he found definitely interesting. Kōdate realized, especially, that all of the academic teaching he had received so far indulged in technical aspects, but almost no consideration had been given to notions or information referring to the way working activities were planned, done, and controlled (the PDCA or Deming Cycle); however, Shingō noted that a widespread interest for business management was arising at the same time all over the country._NEWLINE_In the 1950s in Japan, promising small and middle-sized companies were trying to define a growth strategy, by taking advantage of support offered by the Ministry of Industry and Trade, of which the Japan Management Association (JMA) had always been a major operational body. As a non-for-profit association of companies, the JMA offered training and consultancy, while formalizing the know-how developed by workers, and publishing manuals and papers (along with a variety of documents) for consultation and reference._NEWLINE_One such training courses held by JMA was the P-Course ® (Production Course). The P-Course aimed to pass on concepts, basic techniques, and fundamental analysis tools of industrial engineering to factory workers. (The course is still being held under the same purpose). Shigeo Shingō was the director and teacher of one of the earliest course editions, as well as subsequent editions. His assistant for a few courses was a young Akira Kōdate, who had started his new job with JMA and therefore had the opportunity to follow his senior colleague and mentor Shingo closely. As an assistant, Kōdate helped collect data, draw training material, and listen to the people attending the courses from several emerging Japanese companies. Toyota, among others, had sent some of its men to attend the classes._NEWLINE_After having been engaged with production control, having run several improvement projects (kaizen), and having dealt for long periods with the reorganization of business operating systems at plenty of enterprises, in the late 1950s and early 1960s Kōdate and colleagues from JMA developed knowledge and consulting approaches about productivity and efficiency in the management of product development processes. In 1960, he published the book Sekkei Kanri (The Management of Engineering), which won a prize for best technical paper of the year in Japan. The work was later published in Italian (1990) and English._NEWLINE_Beyond opening key concepts and methods for upgrading the design process capability in time, quality, and cost management, Kōdate developed a few extremely relevant techniques. He is known for the VRP (Variety Reduction Program)), in which variety and costs are reduced in product development. Another key product development approach by Kōdate is the henshu sekkei (cut and paste) design technique. Many techniques, including VRF, developed by Kōdate are still in use worldwide._NEWLINE_In the early 1980s, Kōdate stated that many business people in Western countries could feel the need and appreciate the knowledge of the contents that had been formalized in Japan to date. A number of effective techniques could be applied to Western countries and provide businesses with results similar to those in Japan in the decades after World War II and throughout the economic boom had allowed the Japanese industry to rise and prosper. Kōdate decided to move to France and offer the Japanese there his own perspective about business management. He established a permanent residence in France and worked with French companies to upgrading their management best practices. In 1988, he repeated the experience in Italy, creating the first Japanese-Italian management consulting joint venture in Milan._NEWLINE_Honored as Reviewer in Chief of the Master in Lean Management by the Lean Enterprise Center and the former Education Director of masters courses with other universities and business schools in Italy, Kōdate is the author of many books and articles. His works are published in Japanese, English, and Italian. Although the management of Research Development and Engineering (RD&E) is the favorite topic of his writing, Kōdate also writes about the VRF,  henshu sekkei, Visible Planning®, and setsuban kanri). He currently travels all over Europe, givinghim a cross-cultural awareness.
Alan M. Frieze (born 25 October 1945 in London, England) is a professor in the Department of Mathematical Sciences at Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, United States. He graduated from the University of Oxford in 1966, and obtained his PhD from the University of London in 1975. His research interests lie in combinatorics, discrete optimisation and theoretical computer science. Currently, he focuses on the probabilistic aspects of these areas; in particular, the study of the asymptotic properties of random graphs, the average case analysis of algorithms, and randomised algorithms. His recent work has included approximate counting and volume computation via random walks; finding edge disjoint paths in expander graphs, and exploring anti-Ramsey theory and the stability of routing algorithms.
The paper_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_is a joint work by Martin Dyer, Alan Frieze and Ravindran Kannan._NEWLINE_The main result of the paper is a randomised algorithm for finding an  approximation to the volume of a convex body  in -dimensional Euclidean space by assume the existence of a membership oracle. The algorithm takes time bounded by a polynomial in , the dimension of  and ._NEWLINE_The algorithm is a sophisticated usage of the so-called Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method._NEWLINE_The basic scheme of the algorithm is a nearly uniform sampling from within  by placing a grid consisting n-dimensional cubes and doing a random walk over these cubes. By using the theory of_NEWLINE_rapidly mixing Markov chains, they show that it takes a polynomial time for the random walk to settle down to being a nearly uniform distribution.
This paper_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_is a combined work by Alan Frieze and Ravindran Kannan. They use two lemmas to derive the algorithmic version of the Szemerédi regularity lemma to find an -regular partition._NEWLINE_Lemma 1: _NEWLINE_Fix k and  and let  be a graph with  vertices. Let  be an equitable partition of  in classes . Assume  and . Given proofs that more than  pairs  are not -regular, it is possible to find in O(n) time an equitable partition  (which is a refinement of ) into  classes, with an exceptional class of cardinality at most  and such that _NEWLINE_Lemma 2: _NEWLINE_Let  be a  matrix with ,  and  and  be a positive real._NEWLINE_(a) If there exist ,  such that ,  and  then _NEWLINE_(b) If , then there exist ,  such that ,  and  where . Furthermore, ,  can be constructed in polynomial time._NEWLINE_These two lemmas are combined in the following algorithmic construction of the Szemerédi regularity lemma._NEWLINE_[Step 1] Arbitrarily divide the vertices of  into an equitable partition  with classes  where  and hence . denote ._NEWLINE_[Step 2] For every pair  of , compute . If the pair  are not regular then by Lemma 2 we obtain a proof that they are not regular._NEWLINE_[Step 3] If there are at most  pairs that produce proofs of non regularity that halt.  is regular._NEWLINE_[Step 4] Apply Lemma 1 where , ,  and obtain  with  classes_NEWLINE_[Step 5] Let , ,  and go to Step 2.
In 1177, George III, was confronted by a rebellious faction of nobles. The rebels intended to dethrone George in favor of the king's fraternal nephew, Demna, it was little but a pretext for the nobles, led by the pretender's father-in-law, the amirspasalar Ivane Orbeli, the viceroy of Ani and the head of the powerful and ambitious Orbeli clan, to weaken the crown. The insurgents crowned Demna the king at the Agara Castle and marched, with 30,000 men, to the Georgian capital of Tbilisi. George was saved by the royal guard commanded by Kipchak Qubasar and Apridon, the latter was elevated to the office of Msakhurtukhutsesi. He was given possessions over Tmogvi and Trialeti to secure frontier borders in Javakheti._NEWLINE_Following the death of George III, Queen Tamar faced considerable opposition to her succession; this was sparked by a reaction against the repressive policies of her father and encouraged by the new sovereign's other perceived weakness, her sex. The aristocratic feudal lords directed their hatred mainly at the amirspasalar Kubasar, who had rendered King George III invaluable service during the rising, and Apridon, a dependent "aznauri", who had been raised to the rank of msakhurtukhutsesi. The nobles demanded their removal and the deprivation of all their estates and honours. The queen had to agree to concession. Apridon was stripped of all his honours and estates.
Armstrong is an open source news publishing platform jointly developed by nonprofit online news organizations The Texas Tribune and The Bay Citizen with the assistance of a grant by the Knight Foundation.  The core of the content management system's functionality has been used by The Texas Tribune and The Bay Citizen since 2009, and it was opened to the public in 2011. The Nieman Journalism Lab has described the project as "A Wordpress for news orgs."_NEWLINE_Armstrong was designed primarily to simplify the publishing process for other nonprofit news organizations by giving them the option of a CMS specifically created for news.  Focuses of the system include media management, search engine optimization, integration with social media, and development of revenue streams.  Higinio Maycotte, CTO of The Texas Tribune, said that "literally hundreds of media companies around the globe have expressed interest in moving to Armstrong."_NEWLINE_The project to release Armstrong as an open source CMS was fueled by a $975,000 grant from the Knight Foundation, which is devoted to media innovation, to The Texas Tribune and The Bay Citizen.  The grant was announced at SXSW Interactive in March 2011._NEWLINE_Armstrong is written in Django, an open source framework for web applications that is written in the Python programming language.
Authorea allows researchers to write documents together and attach references, figures, data, and source code. Features of the tool include collaborative editing (multiple people editing a document at the same time), automatic citation formatting, tracking changes, and the ability to make any document public or fully private._NEWLINE_When used as an editing tool for scientific papers, Authorea will automatically format a paper in the preferred style and provide files suitable for online submission to peer-reviewed journals and conferences. Over 40 publisher- and journal-specific styles are currently supported._NEWLINE_Authorea is part of the open science movement and supports open access publishing for academic research and free access to research data. The free version of the service allows unlimited public documents, public storage space (for figures, data, code, and other supporting material), and an unlimited number of collaborators (co-authors) per document. Public documents are free for anyone to read._NEWLINE_Authorea also supports private writing: a document and all its attachments can be kept private, visible only to co-authors. A free account allows the user to create one free private document, with more available via a paid subscription._NEWLINE_Authorea also supports preprint workflows. Authorea partnered with bioRxiv to enable authors to submit preprints directly to bioRxiv from Authorea in 2017. Additionally, preprint review hosting platform PREreview was built using Authorea technical infrastructure._NEWLINE_The site currently supports an online LaTeX editor as well as a Markdown (wiki) editor. A simple MS Word-like (WYSIWYG) interface is currently in development._NEWLINE_Authorea grew from over 10,000 active users in 2014 to over 50,000 in 2016.
Authorea is built primarily with Ruby on Rails, and documents and files are stored in Git repositories. Resque and Faye are used as well._NEWLINE_The site supports iPython notebooks and runs a live iPython notebook server, so that users can attach, re-run and reproduce scientific calculations and data analysis directly in an Authorea document.
Awerbuch was educated at the Technion in Haifa, Israel, earning a bachelor's degree in 1978, a master's degree in 1982, and a Ph.D. in 1984 under the supervision of Shimon Even. He worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a postdoctoral researcher, faculty member in applied mathematics, and research associate in computer science from 1984 until 1994, when he joined the Johns Hopkins faculty._NEWLINE_Awerbuch's former doctoral students include UCSD professor George Varghese.
Encrypted search and cluster formation in big data were demonstrated in March 2014 at the American Society of Engineering Education. Gautam Siwach engaged at Tackling the challenges of Big Data by MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and Dr. Amir Esmailpour at UNH Research Group investigated the key features of big data as the formation of clusters and their interconnections. They focused on the security of big data and the orientation of the term towards the presence of different type of data in an encrypted form at cloud interface by providing the raw definitions and real time examples within the technology. Moreover, they proposed an approach for identifying the encoding technique to advance towards an expedited search over encrypted text leading to the security enhancements in big data._NEWLINE_In March 2012, The White House announced a national "Big Data Initiative" that consisted of six Federal departments and agencies committing more than $200 million to big data research projects._NEWLINE_The initiative included a National Science Foundation "Expeditions in Computing" grant of $10 million over 5 years to the AMPLab at the University of California, Berkeley. The AMPLab also received funds from DARPA, and over a dozen industrial sponsors and uses big data to attack a wide range of problems from predicting traffic congestion to fighting cancer._NEWLINE_The White House Big Data Initiative also included a commitment by the  Department of Energy to provide $25 million in funding over 5 years to establish the Scalable Data Management, Analysis and Visualization (SDAV) Institute, led by the Energy Department's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. The SDAV Institute aims to bring together the expertise of six national laboratories and seven universities to develop new tools to help scientists manage and visualize data on the Department's supercomputers._NEWLINE_The U.S. state of Massachusetts announced the Massachusetts Big Data Initiative in May 2012, which provides funding from the state government and private companies to a variety of research institutions.  The Massachusetts Institute of Technology hosts the Intel Science and Technology Center for Big Data in the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, combining government, corporate, and institutional funding and research efforts._NEWLINE_The European Commission is funding the 2-year-long Big Data Public Private Forum through their Seventh Framework Program to engage companies, academics and other stakeholders in discussing big data issues. The project aims to define a strategy in terms of research and innovation to guide supporting actions from the European Commission in the successful implementation of the big data economy. Outcomes of this project will be used as input for Horizon 2020, their next framework program._NEWLINE_The British government announced in March 2014 the founding of the Alan Turing Institute, named after the computer pioneer and code-breaker, which will focus on new ways to collect and analyse large data sets._NEWLINE_At the University of Waterloo Stratford Campus Canadian Open Data Experience (CODE) Inspiration Day, participants demonstrated how using data visualization can increase the understanding and appeal of big data sets and communicate their story to the world._NEWLINE_To make manufacturing more competitive in the United States (and globe), there is a need to integrate more American ingenuity and innovation into manufacturing ; Therefore, National Science Foundation has granted the Industry University cooperative research center for Intelligent Maintenance Systems (IMS) at university of Cincinnati to focus on developing advanced predictive tools and techniques to be applicable in a big data environment. In May 2013, IMS Center held an industry advisory board meeting focusing on big data where presenters from various industrial companies discussed their concerns, issues and future goals in big data environment._NEWLINE_Computational social sciences – Anyone can use Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) provided by big data holders, such as Google and Twitter, to do research in the social and behavioral sciences. Often these APIs are provided for free. Tobias Preis et al. used Google Trends data to demonstrate that Internet users from countries with a higher per capita gross domestic product (GDP) are more likely to search for information about the future than information about the past. The findings suggest there may be a link between online behaviour and real-world economic indicators. The authors of the study examined Google queries logs made by ratio of the volume of searches for the coming year ('2011') to the volume of searches for the previous year ('2009'), which they call the 'future orientation index'. They compared the future orientation index to the per capita GDP of each country, and found a strong tendency for countries where Google users inquire more about the future to have a higher GDP. The results hint that there may potentially be a relationship between the economic success of a country and the information-seeking behavior of its citizens captured in big data._NEWLINE_Tobias Preis and his colleagues Helen Susannah Moat and H. Eugene Stanley introduced a method to identify online precursors for stock market moves, using trading strategies based on search volume data provided by Google Trends. Their analysis of Google search volume for 98 terms of varying financial relevance, published in Scientific Reports, suggests that increases in search volume for financially relevant search terms tend to precede large losses in financial markets._NEWLINE_Big data sets come with algorithmic challenges that previously did not exist. Hence, there is a need to fundamentally change the processing ways._NEWLINE_The Workshops on Algorithms for Modern Massive Data Sets (MMDS) bring together computer scientists, statisticians, mathematicians, and data analysis practitioners to discuss algorithmic challenges of big data.  Regarding big data, one needs to keep in mind that such concepts of magnitude are relative.  As it is stated "If the past is of any guidance, then today’s big data most likely will not be considered as such in the near future."
An important research question that can be asked about big data sets is whether you need to look at the full data to draw certain conclusions about the properties of the data or is a sample good enough. The name big data itself contains a term related to size and this is an important characteristic of big data. But Sampling (statistics) enables the selection of right data points from within the larger data set to estimate the characteristics of the whole population. For example, there are about 600 million tweets produced every day. Is it necessary to look at all of them to determine the topics that are discussed during the day? Is it necessary to look at all the tweets to determine the sentiment on each of the topics? In manufacturing different types of sensory data such as acoustics, vibration, pressure, current, voltage and controller data are available at short time intervals. To predict downtime it may not be necessary to look at all the data but a sample may be sufficient.  Big Data can be broken down by various data point categories such as demographic, psychographic, behavioral, and transactional data.  With large sets of data points, marketers are able to create and utilize more customized segments of consumers for more strategic targeting._NEWLINE_There has been some work done in Sampling algorithms for big data. A theoretical formulation for sampling Twitter data has been developed.
"A crucial problem is that we do not know much about the underlying empirical micro-processes that lead to the emergence of the[se] typical network characteristics of Big Data". In their critique, Snijders, Matzat, and Reips point out that often very strong assumptions are made about mathematical properties that may not at all reflect what is really going on at the level of micro-processes. Mark Graham has leveled broad critiques at Chris Anderson's assertion that big data will spell the end of theory: focusing in particular on the notion that big data must always be contextualized in their social, economic, and political contexts. Even as companies invest eight- and nine-figure sums to derive insight from information streaming in from suppliers and customers, less than 40% of employees have sufficiently mature processes and skills to do so. To overcome this insight deficit, big data, no matter how comprehensive or well analyzed, must be complemented by "big judgment," according to an article in the Harvard Business Review._NEWLINE_Much in the same line, it has been pointed out that the decisions based on the analysis of big data are inevitably "informed by the world as it was in the past, or, at best, as it currently is".  Fed by a large number of data on past experiences, algorithms can predict future development if the future is similar to the past. If the systems dynamics of the future change (if it is not a stationary process), the past can say little about the future. In order to make predictions in changing environments, it would be necessary to have a thorough understanding of the systems dynamic, which requires theory.  As a response to this critique Alemany Oliver and Vayre suggest to use "abductive reasoning as a first step in the research process in order to bring context to consumers' digital traces and make new theories emerge"._NEWLINE_Additionally, it has been suggested to combine big data approaches with computer simulations, such as agent-based models and complex systems. Agent-based models are increasingly getting better in predicting the outcome of social complexities of even unknown future scenarios through computer simulations that are based on a collection of mutually interdependent algorithms. Finally, use of multivariate methods that probe for the latent structure of the data, such as factor analysis and cluster analysis, have proven useful as analytic approaches that go well beyond the bi-variate approaches (cross-tabs) typically employed with smaller data sets._NEWLINE_In health and biology, conventional scientific approaches are based on experimentation. For these approaches, the limiting factor is the relevant data that can confirm or refute the initial hypothesis._NEWLINE_A new postulate is accepted now in biosciences: the information provided by the data in huge volumes (omics) without prior hypothesis is complementary and sometimes necessary to conventional approaches based on experimentation. In the massive approaches it is the formulation of a relevant hypothesis to explain the data that is the limiting factor. The search logic is reversed and the limits of induction ("Glory of Science and Philosophy scandal", C. D. Broad, 1926) are to be considered._NEWLINE_Privacy advocates are concerned about the threat to privacy represented by increasing storage and integration of personally identifiable information; expert panels have released various policy recommendations to conform practice to expectations of privacy. The misuse of Big Data in several cases by media, companies and even the government has allowed for abolition of trust in almost every fundamental institution holding up society._NEWLINE_Nayef Al-Rodhan argues that a new kind of social contract will be needed to protect individual liberties in a context of Big Data and giant corporations that own vast amounts of information. The use of Big Data should be monitored and better regulated at the national and international levels. Barocas and Nissenbaum argue that one way of protecting individual users is by being informed about the types of information being collected, with whom it is shared, under what constrains and for what purposes.
Chen holds a Ph.D. in mathematics (1999) from the University of California, Berkeley. He was an undergraduate at Washington University in St. Louis triple-majoring in Physics, Math, and Computer Science, and was also a research intern in Washington University's Computer Science SURA Program where he co-wrote a technical report inventing an Argument Game.  He heads the Statistical arbitrage department at Susquehanna International Group.
The origin of the name "Java" can be traced from the Sanskrit chronicle which mentions the existence of an island called yavadvip(a) (dvipa means "island", and yava means "barley" or also "grain"). Are these grains a millet (Setaria italica) or rice, both of which have been widely found on this island in the days before the entry of Indian influence. It is possible that this island has many previous names, including the possibility of originating from the word jaú which means "far away".  Yavadvipa is mentioned in one of the Indian epic, Ramayana. According to the epic, Sugriva, the commander of the wanara (ape man) from Sri Rama's army, sent his envoy to Yavadvip ("Java Island") to look for the Hindu goddess Sita._NEWLINE_Another possible assumption is that the word "Java" comes from the root words in a Proto-Austronesian language, Awa or Yawa (Similar to the words Awa'i (Awaiki) or Hawa'i (Hawaiki) used in Polynesia, especially Hawaii) which means "home"._NEWLINE_An island called Iabadiu or Jabadiu is mentioned in Ptolemy's work called Geographia which was made around 150 AD during the era of the Roman Empire. Iabadiu is said to mean "island of barley", also rich in gold, and has a silver city called Argyra at its western end. This name mentioned Java, which most likely origins from the Sanskrit term Java-dvipa (Yawadvipa)._NEWLINE_Chinese records from the Songshu and the Liangshu referred to Java as She-po (5th century AD), He-ling (640-818 AD), then called it She-po again until the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368), where they began to call Zhao-Wa. In the book Yingyai Shenglan, written by the Chinese Ming explorer Ma Huan, the Chinese call Java as Chao-Wa, and it was once called the She-pó (She-bó). When Giovanni de' Marignolli returned from China to Avignon, he stopped at the kingdom of Saba, which he said had many elephants and was led by a queen; this name Saba might be his interpretation of She-bó.
Java has been inhabited by humans or their ancestors (hominina) since prehistoric times. In Central Java and the adjacent territories in East Java remains known as "Java Man" were discovered in the 1890s by the Dutch anatomist and geologist Eugène Dubois. It belongs to the species Homo erectus, and are believed to be about 1.7 million years old. The Sangiran site is an important prehistoric site on Java._NEWLINE_Around 40,000 years ago, Australoid peoples related to modern Australian Aboriginals and Melanesians colonised Central Java. They were assimilated or replaced by Mongoloid Austronesians by about 3,000 BC, who brought with them technologies of pottery, outrigger canoes, the bow and arrow, and introduced domesticated pigs, fowls, and dogs. They also introduced cultivated rice and millet.
Recorded history began in what is now Central Java in the 7th century AD. The writing, as well as Hinduism and Buddhism, were brought by the Indians from South Asia, at the time of Central Java was a centre of power in Java back then. In 664 AD, the Chinese monk Hui-neng visited the Javanese port city he called Hēlíng (訶陵) or Ho-ling, where he translated various Buddhist scriptures into Chinese with the assistance of the Javanese Buddhist monk Jñānabhadra. It is not precisely known what is meant by the name Hēlíng. It used to be considered the Chinese transcription of Kalinga but it now most commonly thought of as a rendering of the name Areng. Hēlíng is believed to be located somewhere between Semarang and Jepara._NEWLINE_The first dated inscription in Central Java was the Canggal from 732 AD (or 654 Saka). This inscription, which hailed from Kedu, is written in Sanskrit in Pallava script. It is written that a Shaivite king named Sri Sanjaya established a kingdom called Mataram. Under the reign of Sanjaya's dynasty, several monuments such as the Prambanan temple complex were built. At the same time, a competing dynasty Sailendra arose, which adhered to Buddhism and built the Borobudur temple. After 820 AD, there was no more mention of the Hēlíng in Chinese records. This fact coincides with the overthrow of the Sailendras by the Sanjayas who restored Shaivism as the dominant religion. In the middle of the 10th century, however, the centre of power moved to eastern Java. Raden Wijaya founded the Majapahit Empire, and it reached its peak during the reign of Hayam Wuruk (m. 1350-1389). The kingdom claimed sovereignty over the entire Indonesian archipelago, although direct control tended to be limited to Java, Bali and Madura. Gajah Mada was a military leader during this time, who led numerous territorial conquests. The kingdoms in Java had previously based their power on agriculture, but Majapahit had succeeded in seizing ports and shipping lanes, in a bid to become the first commercial empire on Java. The empire suffered a setback after the death of Hayam Wuruk and the entry of Islam into the archipelago._NEWLINE_In the late 16th century, the development of Islam had surpassed Hinduism and Buddhism as the dominant religion in Java. The emergence of the Islamic kingdoms in Java is also inseparable from the role of Walisongo. At first, the spread of Islam was quick and was accepted by ordinary people, until the entrance of da'wah and was carried out by the rulers of the island. The Sultanate of Demak was the first recorded Islamic kingdom in Java, first led by one of the descendants of the Majapahit emperor Raden Patah, who converted to Islam. During this period, Islamic kingdoms began to develop from Pajang, Surakarta, Yogyakarta, Cirebon, and Banten to establish their power. Another Islamic kingdom, the Sultanate of Mataram, grew into a dominant force from the central and eastern parts of Java. The rulers of Surabaya and Cirebon were subdued under the rule of Mataram, and it was only Mataram and Banten Sultanates that were left behind when the Dutch arrived in the early 17th century. Some kingdoms of Islamic heritage in Java can still be found in several cities, such as Surakarta and Yogyakarta with two kingdoms each, Kasunanan and Mangkunegaran, and the Yogyakarta Sultanate and Pakualaman, respectively.
By the late 16th century, European traders began to frequent central Javanese ports. The Dutch established a presence in the region through their East India Company. Following the collapse of Demak, Mataram under the reign of Sultan Agung was able to conquer almost all of Java and beyond by the 17th century, but internal disputes and Dutch intrigues forced it to cede more land to the Dutch. These cessions finally led to several partitions of Mataram. The first was after the 1755 Treaty of Giyanti, which divided the kingdom in two, the Sultanates of Surakarta and Yogyakarta. In a few years, the former was divided again with the establishment of the Mangkunegaran following the 1757 Treaty of Salatiga._NEWLINE_During the Napoleonic Wars in Europe, Central Java as a Dutch colony was handed over to the British. In 1813, the Sultanate of Yogyakarta was also divided with the establishment of the Pakualaman. Following the departure of the British, the Dutch returned as stipulated in the Congress of Vienna. The Java War between 1825 and 1830 ravaged Central Java, which resulted in a consolidation of the Dutch power. The power and the territories of the already divided Mataram were greatly reduced. After the war, the Netherlands enforced the Cultivation System which was linked to famines and epidemics in the 1840s, first in Cirebon and then Central Java, as cash crops such as indigo and sugar had to be grown instead of rice._NEWLINE_However, the Dutch also brought modernisation to Central Java. In the 1900s, the predecessor of the modern Central Java was created, named Gouvernement of Midden-Java. Before 1905, central Java consisted of 5 gewesten (regions) namely Semarang, Rembang, Kedu, Banyumas, and Pekalongan. Surakarta was still an independent vorstenland (autonomus region) which stood alone and consisted of two regions, Surakarta and Mangkunegaran, as well as Yogyakarta. Each gewest consisted of districts. At that time, the Rembang Gewest also included Regentschap Tuban and Regentschap Bojonegoro.  After the enactment of the 1905 Decentralisatie Besluit (Decentralisation Decision), the governor was given autonomy and a regional Council was formed. In addition, autonomous gemeente (municipal) was formed, namely Pekalongan, Tegal, Semarang, Salatiga, and Magelang.  Since 1930, the province has been designated as an autonomous region which also has a provinciale raad (provincial council). The province consists of several residenties (residencies), which cover several regentschap (districts), and are divided into several kawedanan (districts). Central Java consists of 5 residences, namely: Pekalongan, Jepara-Rembang, Semarang, Banyumas, and Kedu.
On 1 March 1942, the Imperial Japanese Army landed on Java, and the following week, the Dutch colonial government surrendered unconditionally to Japan. During the Japanese rule, Java and Madura were placed under the supervision of the Japanese 16th Army. Many who lived in areas considered important to the war effort experienced torture, sex slavery, arbitrary arrest and execution, and other war crimes. Thousands of people were taken away as forced labourers (romusha) for Japanese military projects, including the Burma-Siam and Saketi-Bayah railways, and suffered or died as a result of ill-treatment and starvation. A later UN report stated that four million people died in Indonesia as a result of the Japanese occupation. About 2.4 million people died in Java from famine during 1944–45._NEWLINE_Following the surrender of Japan, Indonesia proclaimed its independence on 17 August 1945. The final stages of warfare were initiated in October when, under the terms of their surrender, the Japanese tried to re-establish the authority they relinquished to the Indonesians in towns and cities. The fiercest fighting involving the Indonesian pemuda and the Japanese was in Semarang. In a few days, British forces began to occupy the city, after which retreating Indonesian Republican forces retaliated by killing between 130 and 300 Japanese prisoners they were holding. Five hundred Japanese and 2,000 Indonesians had been killed, and the Japanese had almost captured the city six days later when British forces arrived._NEWLINE_The province of Central Java was formalised on 15 August 1950, excluding Yogyakarta but including Surakarta. There have been no significant changes in the administrative division of the province ever since. In the aftermath of the 30 September Movement in 1965, an anti-communist purge took place in Central Java, in which the army and community vigilante groups killed Communists and leftists, both actual and alleged. Others were interned in concentration camps, the most infamous of which was on the isle of Buru in Maluku, first used as a place of political exile by the Dutch. Some were executed years later, but most were released in 1979 In 1998, near the downfall of longtime president Suharto, anti-Chinese violence broke out in Surakarta (Solo) and surrounding areas, in which Chinese property and other buildings were burnt down. The following year, public buildings in Surakarta were burnt by supporters of Megawati Sukarnoputri after Indonesia's parliament chose Abdurrahman Wahid instead of Megawati for the presidency._NEWLINE_The 2006 Yogyakarta earthquake in the south and Yogyakarta devastated many buildings and caused thousands of deaths and more than 37,000 injuries.
According to the slope level of land in Central Java, 38% of the land has a slope of 0-2%, 31% has a slope of 2-15%, 19% has a slope of 15-40%, and the remaining 12% has a slope of more than 40%._NEWLINE_The northern coastal region of Central Java has a narrow lowland. In the Brebes area, it is 40 km wide from the coast, while in Semarang, it is only 4 km wide. This plain continues with the depression of Semarang-Rembang in the east. Mount Muria at the end of the Ice Age (around 10,000 years BC) was a separate island from Java, which eventually fused because of alluvial deposits from flowing rivers. The city of Demak during the era of the Demak Sultanate  was on the edge of the sea and became a thriving port. This sedimentation process is still ongoing on the coast of Semarang._NEWLINE_In the south of the area are the Northern Cretaceous Mountains and the Kendeng Mountains, which are limestone mountains stretching from the east of Semarang from the Southwest end of Pati then east to the Lamongan and Bojonegoro in East Java._NEWLINE_The main range of mountains in Central Java is the North and South Serayu Mountains. The North forms a mountain chain that connects the Bogor range in West Java with the Kendeng Mountains in the east. The width of this mountain range is around 30–50 km; on the western end there is Mount Slamet, which is the highest mountain in Central Java as well as the second-highest mountain in Java, and the eastern part is the Dieng Plateau with peaks of Mount Prahu and Mount Ungaran. Between the series of North and South Serayu Mountains are separated by the Serayu Depression which stretches from Majenang in the Cilacap Regency, Purwokerto, to Wonosobo. East of this depression is the Sindoro and Sumbing volcano, and the east again (Magelang and Temanggung areas) is a continuation of depression which limits Mount Merapi and Mount Merbabu._NEWLINE_The Southern Serayu Mountains are part of the South Central Java Basin located in the southern part of the province. This mandala is a geoantiklin that extends from west to east along 100 kilometres and is divided into two parts separated by the Jatilawang valley, namely the western and eastern regions. The western part is formed by Mount Kabanaran (360 m) and can be described as having the same elevation as the Bandung Depression Zone in West Java or as a new structural element in Central Java. This section is separated from the Bogor Zone by the Majenang Depression._NEWLINE_The eastern part was built by the Ajibarang anticline (narrow anticline) which was cut by the Serayu River stream. In the east of Banyumas, the anticline developed into an anticlinorium with a width reaching 30 km in the Lukulo area (south of Banjarnegara-Midangan) or often called the Kebumen Tinggi. At the very eastern end of Mandala, the South Serayu Mountains are formed by the dome of the Kulonprogo Mountains (1022 m), which is located between Purworejo and the Progo River._NEWLINE_The area of the south coast of Central Java also has a narrow lowland, with a width of 10–25 km. In addition, there are South Gombong Karst Areas. Sloping hills stretch parallel to the coast, from Yogyakarta to Cilacap. East of Yogyakarta is a limestone mountain area that extends to the southern coast of East Java.
The rivers that empty into the Java Sea include the Bengawan Solo River, Kali Pemali, Kali Comal, and Kali Bodri, while the ones that empty into the Indian Ocean include Serayu River, Bogowonto River, Luk Ulo River and Progo River. Bengawan Solo is the longest river on the island of Java (572 km); has a spring in the Sewu Mountains (Wonogiri Regency), this river flows to the north, crosses the City of Surakarta, and finally goes to East Java and empties into the Gresik area (near Surabaya)._NEWLINE_Among the main reservoirs (lakes) in Central Java are Gunung Rowo Lake (Pati Regency), Gajahmungkur Reservoir (Wonogiri Regency), Kedungombo Reservoir (Boyolali and Sragen Regency), Rawa Pening Lake (Semarang Regency), Cacaban Reservoir (Tegal Regency), Malahayu Reservoir (Brebes Regency), Wadaslintang Reservoir (border of Kebumen Regency and Wonosobo Regency), Gembong Reservoir (Pati Regency), Sempor Reservoir (Kebumen Regency) and Mrica Reservoir (Banjarnegara Regency).
The average temperature in Central Java is between 18–28 degrees Celsius and the relative humidity varies between 73–94%. While a high level of humidity exists in most low-lying parts of the province, it drops significantly in the upper mountains. The highest average annual rainfall of 3,990 mm with 195 rainy days was recorded in Salatiga.
As of the 2010 census, Central Java's population stood at 32 million. As of the 1990 census, the population was 28 million. This reflected an increase of approximately 13.5% in 20 years._NEWLINE_The three biggest regencies in terms of population are: Brebes, Banyumas and Cilacap. Together they make up approximately 16% of the province's population. Major urban population centres include Greater Semarang, Greater Surakarta and the Brebes-Tegal-Slawi area in the north-west of the province.
Although Indonesian is the official language, people mostly speak Javanese as their daily language. The Solo-Jogja dialect or the Mataram dialect is considered as the standard Javanese Language._NEWLINE_Additionally, there are a number of Javanese dialects but in general, it consists of two, namely kulonan and timuran. The former is spoken in the western part of Central Java, consisting of the Banyumasan dialects and Tegal dialects (also called Basa Ngapak). They are quite different in pronunciation from the standard Javanese. The latter dialect is spoken in the eastern part of the province, including the Mataram dialect (Solo-Jogja), Semarang dialect, and the Pati dialect. Between the borders of the two dialects, Javanese is spoken with a mixture of both dialects; these areas are Pekalongan and the Kedu Plain, which composes Magelang and Temanggung._NEWLINE_In Sundanese-populated areas, namely in the southern Brebes Regency, and the Cilacap Regency around Dayeuhluhur sub-district, Sundanese is still commonly spoken.
Central Java is considered to be the heart of the Javanese culture. The ideal conduct and moral of the courts (such as politeness, nobility and grace) has a tremendous influence on the people. They are known as soft-spoken, very polite, extremely class-conscious, apathetic, down-to-earth, etc. These stereotypes form what most non-Javanese see as the "Javanese Culture", when in fact, not all Javanese behave in such manner as most Javanese are far from the court culture.
The Javanese cultural area can be divided into three distinct main regions: Western, Central, and Eastern Javanese culture or in their Javanese names as Ngapak, Kejawèn and Arèk. The boundaries of these cultural regions coincide with the isoglosses of the Javanese dialects. Cultural areas west of Dieng Plateau and Pekalongan Regency are considered Ngapak whereas the border of the eastern cultural areas or Arèk lies in East Java. Consequently, culturally, Central Java consists of two cultures, while the Central Javanese Culture proper is not entirely confined to Central Java.
The architecture of Central Java is characterised by the juxtaposition of the old and the new and a wide variety of architectural styles, the legacy of many successive influences from the Indian subcontinent, the Middle East, China, and Europe. In particular, northern coastal cities such as Semarang, Tegal, and Pekalongan can boast European colonial architecture. The European and Chinese influence can be seen in Semarang's temple of Sam Poo Kong dedicated to Zheng He and the Domed Church built in 1753. The latter is the second-oldest church in Java and the oldest in Central Java. In the former capital of Surakarta, there are also several European architectures._NEWLINE_Central Java also has some notable religious buildings. The Borobudur and the Prambanan temple complexes are among the largest Buddhist and Hindu structures in the world. In general, a characteristic Javanese mosque does not have a dome as its roof but a Meru-like roof which is reminiscent of a Hindu or Buddhist temple. The tower of the famous Mosque of Kudus resembles a Hindu-Javanese or Balinese temple more than a traditional Middle Eastern mosque.
Central Java is famous and well-known for its exquisite batik, a generic wax-resist dyeing technique used on textiles. There are different styles of batik motifs. A centre of batik production is in Pekalongan. Other centres include Surakarta and Yogyakarta. Batik in Pekalongan style, which represent gaya pesisir (or coastal style), is different from the one in Surakarta and Yogyakarta that represent batik from the heartland of Java (gaya kejawèn).
One can even see the court influences in the art forms. The dances of the courts of Java are usually slow and graceful with no excessive gestures. The people followed this approach, and as a result, slow-paced and graceful movements can even be found in folk dances throughout Central Java, though with some exceptions. One can enjoy the beauty of Central Javanese dances in "Kamajaya-Kamaratih" or "Karonsih", usually performed in a traditional Javanese wedding.
There are several kinds of Central Javanese theatre and performing arts. The most well-known is the Javanese wayang theatre, which has several types. These are wayang kulit, wayang klitik, wayang bèbèr, wayang golèk, and wayang wong. Wayang kulit are shadow puppets theatre with leather puppets. The stories are loosely based on Mahabharata and Ramayana cycles. Wayang klitik are puppets theatre with flat wooden puppets. The stories are based on Panji (king) stories. Panji was a native Javanese princes who embarked a 'journeys of desire'. Wayang bèbèr is scroll theatre, and it involves "performing" scenes of a story elaborately drawn and painted on rolled sheets. Wayang golèk consists of three-dimensional wooden puppets. The narrative can be based on anything, but usually are drawn from Islamic heroic ones. Finally, wayang wong is wayang theatre involving live figures, actors who are performing a play. The narrative, however, must be based on Mahabharata or Ramayana._NEWLINE_In addition to wayang, there is another form of theatre called ketoprak. It is a staged play by actors accompanied by Javanese gamelan. The narrative is free but cannot be based on Mahabharata or Ramayana.
Central Javanese music is almost synonymous with gamelan. It is a musical ensemble typically featuring a variety of instruments such as metallophones, xylophones, drums, gongs, bamboo flutes, bowed and plucked strings. Vocalists may also be included. The term refers more to the set of instruments than the players of those instruments. A gamelan as a set of instruments is a distinct entity, built and tuned to stay together. Instruments from different gamelan are not interchangeable. However, gamelan is not typically Central Javanese as it is also known elsewhere._NEWLINE_Contemporary Javanese pop music is called campursari. It is a fusion between gamelan and Western instruments, much like kroncong. Usually, the lyrics are in Javanese, though not always. One notable singer is Didi Kempot, born in Sragen, north of Surakarta. He mostly sings in Javanese.
It can be argued that Javanese literature started in Central Java. The oldest-known literary work in the Javanese language is the inscription of Sivagrha from Kedu Plain. This inscription, which is from 856 AD, is written as a kakawin or Javanese poetry with Indian metres. The oldest of narrative poems, Kakawin Ramayana, which tells the well-known story of Ramayana, is believed to have come from Central Java. It can be safely assumed that this kakawin were written in the central Java region in the 9th century._NEWLINE_After the shift of Javanese power to eastern Java, it had been quiet from Central Java for several centuries concerning Javanese literature until the 16th century. At this time, the centre of power was shifted back to Central Java. The oldest work written in modern Javanese language concerning Islam is the so-called "Book of Bonang" or also "The Admonitions of Seh Bari". This work is extant in just one manuscript, now kept in the University of Leiden as codex Orientalis 1928. It is assumed that this manuscript originates from Tuban, in eastern Java and was taken to the Netherlands after 1598. However, this work is attributed to Sunan Bonang, one of the nine Javanese saints who spread Islam in Java and Sunan Bonang came from Bonang, a place in Demak Regency, Central Java. It can be argued that this work marked the beginning of Islamic literature in the region._NEWLINE_However, the pinnacle of Central Javanese literature was created at the courts of the kings of Mataram in Kartasura and later in Surakarta and Yogyakarta that are mostly attributed to the Yasadipura family. The most famous member of this family is Rangga Warsita who lived in the 19th century. He is the best-known of all Javanese writers and also one of the most prolific. He is also known as bujangga panutup or "the last court poet"._NEWLINE_Following independence, the Javanese language as a medium was pushed to the background. Still, one of the greatest contemporary Indonesian authors, Pramoedya Ananta Toer was born in 1925 in Blora. He was an author of novels, short stories, essays, polemics, and histories of his homeland and its people. A well-regarded writer in the West, his outspoken and often politically-charged writings faced censorship at home. He faced extrajudicial punishment for opposing the policies of both President Sukarno and Suharto. During imprisonment and house arrest, he became a cause célèbre for advocates of freedom of expression and human rights. In his works, he writes much about life and social problems in Java.
Rice is the staple food of Central Java. In addition to rice, dried cassava, known locally as gaplèk, also serve as a staple food. Javanese food tends to taste sweet. Cooked and stewed vegetables, usually in coconut milk (santen in Javanese) are prevalent. Raw vegetable, which is popular in West Java, is less prevalent in Central Java._NEWLINE_Saltwater fish, both fresh and dried are common, especially among coastal areas. Freshwater fish is not popular in Central Java, unlike in West Java, except perhaps for catfish known locally as lélé. It is usually fried and served with chilli condiment (sambal) and raw vegetables._NEWLINE_Chicken, mutton and beef are common meat. Certain parts of the population also eat dog meat, known by its euphemism daging jamu (literally "traditional medicine meat")._NEWLINE_Tofu and tempe serve as the standard replacement to fish and meat. Famous dishes in Central Java include gudeg (sweet stew of jackfruit) and sayur lodeh (vegetables cooked in coconut milk)._NEWLINE_Besides the aforementioned tofu, there is a strong Chinese influence in numerous dishes. Some examples of Sino-Javanese food include noodles, bakso (meatballs), lumpia, soto etc. The widespread use of sweet soybeans sauce (kecap manis) in the Javanese cuisine can also be attributed to the Chinese influence.
Central Java is connected to the Trans-Java Toll Road which currently runs from Merak in Banten to Probolinggo (planned: Banyuwangi), East-Java. Within the province the toll road starts at Brebes, continuing via Semarang and Surakarta until east of Sragen. Along the north coast east of Semarang, the North Coast Road (Jalur Pantai Utara or Jalur Pantura) is the main road. Losari, the Central Javanese gate at the western border on the northern coast, could be reached from Jakarta in 4 hours drive. On the southern coast, there is also a national way which run from Kroya at the Sundanese-Javanese border, through Yogyakarta to Surakarta and then to Surabaya via Kertosono in East Java. There is furthermore a direct connection from Tegal to Purwokerto and from Semarang to Yogyakarta and Surakarta._NEWLINE_Central Java was the province that first introduced a railway line in Indonesia. The very first line began in 1873 between Semarang and Yogyakarta by a private company, but this route is now no longer used. Today there are five lines in Central Java: the northern line which runs from Jakarta via Semarang to Surabaya. Then there is the southern line from Kroya through Yogyakarta and Surakarta to Surabaya. There is also a train service between Semarang and Surakarta and a service between Kroya and Cirebon. At last there is a route between Surakarta and Wonogiri. The line between Kutoarjo and Surakarta, the line from Cirebon to Kroya up to Purwokerto and the entire north coast line (since 2014) are double-track, while second tracks from Surakarta to Kertosono (towards Surabaya) and Purwokerto-Kroya-Kutoarjo are under construction of which the latter will be finished in 2019 _NEWLINE_. Other lines are single-track._NEWLINE_On the northern coast Central Java is served by 8 harbours. The main port is Tanjung Mas in Semarang, other harbours are located in Brebes, Tegal, Pekalongan, Batang, Jepara, Juwana and Rembang. The southern coast is mainly served by the port Tanjung Intan in Cilacap._NEWLINE_Finally on mainland Central Java there are three commercial airports.  There is one additional commercial airport on the Karimunjawa isles. The airports on the mainland are: Adisumarmo International Airport in Surakarta, Achmad Yani Airport in Semarang and Tunggul Wulung Airport in Cilacap. Karimunjawa is served by Dewadaru Airport.
GDP in the province of Central Java was estimated to be around $US 98 billion in 2010, with a per capita income of around $US 3,300. Economic growth in the province is quite rapid and GDP is forecast to reach $US 180 billion by 2015. The poverty rate of its people is 13% and will be decreased below 6%.
Much of Central Java is a fertile agricultural region. The primary food crop is wet rice. An elaborate irrigation network of canals, dams, aqueducts, and reservoirs has greatly contributed to Central Java's the rice-growing capacity over the centuries. In 2001, productivity of rice was 5,022 kilograms/ha, mostly provided from irrigated paddy field (± 98%). Klaten Regency had the highest productivity with 5525 kilograms/ha._NEWLINE_Other crops, also mostly grown in lowland areas on small peasant landholdings, are corn (maize), cassava, peanuts (groundnuts), soybeans, and sweet potatoes. Terraced hillslopes and irrigated paddy fields are familiar features of the landscape. Kapok, sesame, vegetables, bananas, mangoes, durian fruits, citrus fruits, and vegetable oils are produced for local consumption. Tea, coffee, tobacco, rubber, sugarcane and kapok; and coconuts are exported. Several of these cash crops at a time are usually grown on large family estates. Livestock, especially water buffalo, is raised primarily for use as draft animals. Salted and dried fish are imported.
Central Java is home to such notable state universities, as Diponegoro University, Semarang State University, and Walisongo Islamic University (Universitas Islam Negeri Walisongo) in Semarang; Sebelas Maret University in Surakarta; and Jenderal Soedirman University in Purwokerto._NEWLINE_The Military Academy (Akademi Militer) is located in Magelang Regency while the Police Academy (Akademi Kepolisian) is located in Semarang. Furthermore, in Surakarta the Surakarta Institute of Indonesian Arts (ISI Surakarta) is located. In addition to these, Central Java has hundreds of other private higher educations, including religious institutions._NEWLINE_For foreign students requiring language training Salatiga has been a location for generations of students attending courses.
There are several tourism sites in Central Java. Semarang itself has many old buildings: Puri Maerokoco and the Indonesian Record Museum are located in this city._NEWLINE_Borobudur, which is one of the UNESCO World Cultural Heritage sites of Indonesia, is also located in this province, in the Magelang Regency. Candi Mendut and Candi Pawon can also be found near the Borobudur temple complex._NEWLINE_Candi Prambanan, on the border of Klaten regency and Yogyakarta is the biggest complex of Hindu temples. It is also a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage Site. There are several temples in the region around the Dieng Plateau. These date from before the era of the ancient Mataram._NEWLINE_The Palace of the Sunan (Keraton Kasunanan) and Pura Mangkunegaran, are located in Surakarta, while the Grojogan Sewu waterfall is located in Karanganyar Regency. Several Majapahit temples and Sangiran museum are also located in Central Java.
The motto of Central Java is Prasetya Ulah Sakti Bhakti Praja. This is a Javanese phrase meaning "A vow of devotion with all might to the country". The coat of arms of Central Java depicts a legendary flask, Kundi Amerta or Cupu Manik, formed in a pentagon representing Pancasila. In the centre of the emblem stands a sharp bamboo spike (representing the fight for independence, and it has 8 sections which represent Indonesia's month of Independence) with a golden five-pointed star (representing faith in God), superimposed on the black profile of a candi (temple) with seven stupas, while the middle stupa is the biggest. This candi is reminiscent of the Borobudur. Under the candi wavy outlines of waters are visible. Behind the candi two golden mountain tops are visible._NEWLINE_These twin mountains represents the unity between the people and their government. The emblem shows a green sky above the candi. Above, the shield is adorned with a red and white ribbon, the colours of the Indonesian flag. Lining the left and right sides of the shield are respectively stalk of rice (17 of them, representing Indonesia's day of Independence) and cotton flowers (5 of them, each one is 4-petaled, representing Indonesia's year of Independence). At the bottom, the shield is adorned with a golden red ribbon. On the ribbon the name "Central Java" (Jawa Tengah) is inscribed in black. The floral symbol of the province is the Michelia alba, while the provincial fauna is Oriolus chinensis.
Below is a basic Hello, World program written in CIL. It will display the string "Hello, world!"._NEWLINE_.assembly Hello {}.assembly extern mscorlib {}.method static void Main(){_NEWLINE_    .entrypoint_NEWLINE_    .maxstack 1_NEWLINE_    ldstr "Hello, world!"_NEWLINE_    call void [mscorlib]System.Console::WriteLine(string)_NEWLINE_    ret}_NEWLINE_The following code is more complex in number of opcodes._NEWLINE_This code can also be compared with the corresponding code in the article about Java bytecode._NEWLINE_static void Main(string[] args){_NEWLINE_    for (int i = 2; i < 1000; i++)_NEWLINE_    {_NEWLINE_        for (int j = 2; j < i; j++)_NEWLINE_        {_NEWLINE_             if (i % j == 0)_NEWLINE_                 goto outer;_NEWLINE_        }_NEWLINE_        Console.WriteLine(i);_NEWLINE_        outer:;_NEWLINE_    }}_NEWLINE_In CIL syntax it looks like this:_NEWLINE_.method private hidebysig static void Main(string[] args) cil managed{_NEWLINE_    .entrypoint_NEWLINE_    .maxstack  2_NEWLINE_    .locals init (int32 V_0,_NEWLINE_                  int32 V_1)_NEWLINE__NEWLINE_              ldc.i4.2_NEWLINE_              stloc.0_NEWLINE_              br.s       IL_001f_NEWLINE_    IL_0004:  ldc.i4.2_NEWLINE_              stloc.1_NEWLINE_              br.s       IL_0011_NEWLINE_    IL_0008:  ldloc.0_NEWLINE_              ldloc.1_NEWLINE_              rem_NEWLINE_              brfalse.s  IL_001b_NEWLINE_              ldloc.1_NEWLINE_              ldc.i4.1_NEWLINE_              add_NEWLINE_              stloc.1_NEWLINE_    IL_0011:  ldloc.1_NEWLINE_              ldloc.0_NEWLINE_              blt.s      IL_0008_NEWLINE_              ldloc.0_NEWLINE_              call       void [mscorlib]System.Console::WriteLine(int32)_NEWLINE_    IL_001b:  ldloc.0_NEWLINE_              ldc.i4.1_NEWLINE_              add_NEWLINE_              stloc.0_NEWLINE_    IL_001f:  ldloc.0_NEWLINE_              ldc.i4     0x3e8_NEWLINE_              blt.s      IL_0004_NEWLINE_              ret}_NEWLINE_This is just a representation of how CIL looks like near VM-level. When compiled the methods are stored in tables and the instructions are stored as bytes inside the assembly, which is a Portable Executable (PE).
A CIL assembly and instructions are generated by either a compiler or a utility called the IL Assembler (ILAsm) that is shipped with the execution environment._NEWLINE_Assembled CIL can also be disassembled into code again using the IL Disassembler (ILDASM). There are other tools such as .NET Reflector that can decompile CIL into a high-level language (e. g. C# or Visual Basic). This makes CIL a very easy target for reverse engineering. This trait is shared with Java bytecode. However, there are tools that can obfuscate the code, and do it so that the code cannot be easily readable but still be runnable.
Just-in-time compilation (JIT) involves turning the byte-code into code immediately executable by the CPU. The conversion is performed gradually during the program's execution. JIT compilation provides environment-specific optimization, runtime type safety, and assembly verification. To accomplish this, the JIT compiler examines the assembly metadata for any illegal accesses and handles violations appropriately.
A notable difference from Java's bytecode is that CIL comes with ldind, stind, ldloca, and many call instructions which are enough for data/function pointers manipulation needed to compile C/C++ code into CIL._NEWLINE_class A {_NEWLINE_   public: virtual void __stdcall meth() {}};void test_pointer_operations(int param) {_NEWLINE_int k = 0;_NEWLINE_int * ptr = &k;_NEWLINE_*ptr = 1;_NEWLINE_ptr = &param;_NEWLINE_*ptr = 2;_NEWLINE_A a;_NEWLINE_A * ptra = &a;_NEWLINE_ptra->meth();}_NEWLINE_The corresponding code in CIL can be rendered as this:_NEWLINE_.method assembly static void modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallConvCdecl) _NEWLINE_        test_pointer_operations(int32 param) cil managed{_NEWLINE_  .vtentry 1 : 1_NEWLINE_  // Code size       44 (0x2c)_NEWLINE_  .maxstack  2_NEWLINE_  .locals ([0] int32* ptr,_NEWLINE_           [1] valuetype A* V_1,_NEWLINE_           [2] valuetype A* a,_NEWLINE_           [3] int32 k)// k = 0;_NEWLINE_  IL_0000:  ldc.i4.0 _NEWLINE_  IL_0001:  stloc.3// ptr = &k;_NEWLINE_  IL_0002:  ldloca.s   k // load local's address instruction_NEWLINE_  IL_0004:  stloc.0// *ptr = 1;_NEWLINE_  IL_0005:  ldloc.0_NEWLINE_  IL_0006:  ldc.i4.1_NEWLINE_  IL_0007:  stind.i4 // indirection instruction// ptr = &param_NEWLINE_  IL_0008:  ldarga.s   param // load parameter's address instruction_NEWLINE_  IL_000a:  stloc.0// *ptr = 2_NEWLINE_  IL_000b:  ldloc.0_NEWLINE_  IL_000c:  ldc.i4.2_NEWLINE_  IL_000d:  stind.i4// a = new A;_NEWLINE_  IL_000e:  ldloca.s   a_NEWLINE_  IL_0010:  call       valuetype A* modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallConvThiscall) 'A.{ctor}'(valuetype A* modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.IsConst) modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.IsConst))_NEWLINE_  IL_0015:  pop// ptra = &a;_NEWLINE_  IL_0016:  ldloca.s   a_NEWLINE_  IL_0018:  stloc.1// ptra->meth();_NEWLINE_  IL_0019:  ldloc.1_NEWLINE_  IL_001a:  dup_NEWLINE_  IL_001b:  ldind.i4 // reading the VMT for virtual call_NEWLINE_  IL_001c:  ldind.i4_NEWLINE_  IL_001d:  calli      unmanaged stdcall void modopt([mscorlib]System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallConvStdcall)(native int)_NEWLINE_  IL_0022:  ret} // end of method 'Global Functions'::test_pointer_operations
Two SINEs may act in concert to flank and mobilize an intervening single copy DNA sequence. This was reported for a 710 bp DNA sequence upstream of the bovine beta globin gene. The DNA arrangement forms a composite transposon whose presence has been confirmed by the complete bovine genomic sequence where the mobilized sequence may be found on bovine chromosome 15 in contig NW_001493315.1 nucleotides #1085432–1086142 and the originating sequence may be found on bovine chromosome 2 in contig NW_001501789.2 nucleotides #1096679–1097389. It is likely that similar composite transposons exist in other bovine genomic regions and other mammalian genomes. They could be detected with suitable algorithms.
In computer science, a compressed suffix array is a compressed data structure for pattern matching.  Compressed suffix arrays are a general class of data structure that improve on the suffix array. These data structures enable quick search for an arbitrary string with a comparatively small index._NEWLINE_Given a text T of n characters from an alphabet Σ, a compressed suffix array supports searching for arbitrary patterns in T.  For an input pattern P of m characters, the search time is typically O(m) or O(m + log(n)). The space used is typically , where  is the k-th order empirical entropy of the text T. The time and space to construct a compressed suffix array are normally ._NEWLINE_The original instantiation of the compressed suffix array solved a long-standing open problem by showing that fast pattern matching was possible using only a linear-space data structure, namely, one proportional to the size of the text T, which takes  bits.  The conventional suffix array and suffix tree use  bits, which is substantially larger.  The basis for the data structure is a recursive decomposition using the "neighbor function," which allows a suffix array to be represented by one of half its length.  The construction is repeated multiple times until the resulting suffix array uses a linear number of bits.  Following work showed that the actual storage space was related to the zeroth-order entropy and that the index supports self-indexing.  The space bound was further improved achieving the ultimate goal of higher-order entropy; the compression is obtained by partitioning the neighbor function by high-order contexts, and compressing each partition with a wavelet tree.  The space usage is extremely competitive in practice with other state-of-the-art compressors, and it also supports fast pattern matching._NEWLINE_The memory accesses made by compressed suffix arrays and other compressed data structures for pattern matching are typically not localized, and thus these data structures have been notoriously hard to design efficiently for use in external memory.  Recent progress using geometric duality takes advantage of the block access provided by disks to speed up the I/O time significantly In addition, potentially practical search performance for a compressed suffix array in external-memory has been demonstrated.
There are several open source implementations of compressed suffix arrays available (see External Links below). Bowtie and Bowtie2 are open-source compressed suffix array implementations of read alignment for use in bioinformatics. The Succinct Data Structure Library (SDSL) is a library containing a variety of compressed data structures including compressed suffix arrays. FEMTO is an implementation of compressed suffix arrays for external memory. In addition, a variety of implementations, including the original FM-index implementations, are available from the Pizza & Chili Website (see external links).
MICCAI organizes an annual conference and associated workshops. Proceedings for this conference are published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. General topics of the conference include medical image computing, computer-assisted intervention, guidance systems and robotics, visualization and virtual reality, computer-aided diagnosis, bioscience and biology applications, specific imaging systems, and new imaging applications.
The Computer Assisted Radiology and Surgery (CARS) congress is the annual event for a distinguished international community of scientists, engineers and physicians to present and discuss the key innovations that shape modern medicine on a worldwide basis. Founded in 1985, CARS has played a leading role in medical and imaging informatics for more than 25 years by focusing on research and development on novel algorithms and systems and their applications in radiology and surgery. Its growth and impact is due to CARS's close collaboration with the ISCAS and EuroPACS societies, and CAR, CAD and CMI organizations.
Cloud gaming services allow players to access games as a streaming service. No specialist hardware is usually required to access these services and can be run from most modern PC operating systems negating the need for a dedicated device for console gaming. The question of ownership is the biggest difference in comparison to other storage mediums for console games as they could be considered only a method of renting the game._NEWLINE_OnLive is a cross between console and other game streaming software, they provided the hardware, considered to be a microconsole, that would connect to their service but only as means of displaying the streamed content
Metrics are usually described in terms of variables that are a function of the input. For example, the statement that insertion sort requires O(n²) comparisons is meaningless without defining n, which in this case is the number of elements in the input list._NEWLINE_Because many different contexts use the same letters for their variables, confusion can arise. For example, the complexity of primality tests and multiplication algorithms can be measured in two different ways: one in terms of the integers being tested or multiplied, and one in terms of the number of binary digits (bits) in those integers. For example, if n is the integer being tested for primality, trial division can test it in Θ(n1/2) arithmetic operations; but if n is the number of bits in the integer being tested for primality, it requires Θ(2n/2) time. In the fields of cryptography and computational number theory, it is more typical to define the variable as the number of bits in the input integers._NEWLINE_In the field of computational complexity theory, the input is usually specified as a binary string (or a string in some fixed alphabet), and the variable is usually the number of bits in this string. This measure depends on the specific encoding of the input, which must be specified. For example, if the input is an integer specified using unary coding, trial division will require only Θ(n1/2) arithmetic operations; but if the same input is specified in binary (or any larger base) the complexity rises to Θ(2n/2) operations, not because the algorithm is taking any additional time, but because the number of bits in the input n has become exponentially smaller. In the other direction, succinct circuits are compact representations of a limited class of graphs that occupy exponentially less space than ordinary representations like adjacency lists. Many graph algorithms on succinct circuits are EXPTIME-complete, whereas the same problems expressed with conventional representations are only P-complete, because the succinct circuit inputs have smaller encodings._NEWLINE_Output-sensitive algorithms define their complexity not only in terms of their input but also their output. For example, Chan's algorithm can compute the convex hull of a set of points in O(n log h) time, where n is the number of points in the input and h is the number of points in the resulting convex hull, a subset of the input points. Because every input point might be in the convex hull, an analysis in terms of the input alone would yield the less precise O(n log n) time._NEWLINE_The complexity of some algorithms depends not only on parameters of the input but also parameters of the machine the algorithm is being run on; as mentioned in #Metric being measured below, this is typical in analyzing algorithms that run on systems with fixed cache hierarchies, where the complexity may depend on parameters such as cache size and block size.
To analyze an algorithm precisely, one must assume it is being executed by a particular abstract machine. For example, on a random access machine, binary search can be used to rapidly locate a particular value in a sorted list in only O(log n) comparisons, where n is the number of elements in the list; on a Turing machine, this is not possible, since it can only move one memory cell at a time and so requires Ω(n) steps to even reach an arbitrary value in the list._NEWLINE_Moreover, different abstract machines define different primitive operations, which are operations that can be performed in constant time. Some machines, like Turing machines, only permit one bit at a time to be read or written; these are called bit operations, and the number of bit operations required to solve a problem is called its bit complexity. Bit complexity generalizes to any machine where the memory cells are of a fixed size that does not depend on the input; for this reason, algorithms that manipulate numbers much larger than the registers on ordinary PCs are typically analyzed in terms of their bit complexity. Put another way, the bit complexity is the complexity when the word size is a single bit, where word size is the size of each memory cell and register._NEWLINE_Another commonly used model has words with log n bits, where n is a variable depending on the input. For example, in graph algorithms, it is typical to assume that the vertices are numbered 1 through n and that each memory cell can hold any of these values, so that they can refer to any vertex. This is justified in problems where the input uses Ω(n) words of storage, since on real computers, the memory cell and register size is typically selected in order to be able to index any word in memory. Operations on these words, such as copies and arithmetic operations, are assumed to operate in constant time, rather than O(log n) time. The number of word operations required to solve a problem in this model is sometimes called its word complexity._NEWLINE_In computational complexity theory, researchers intentionally define complexity classes in a way intended to make them machine-independent - that is, if a problem lies in a particular class relative to a particular "reasonable" machine, it will lie in that class relative to any "reasonable" machine. For example, as mentioned above, the time complexity of binary search depends on whether a Turing machine or a random access machine is used; but regardless of the machine choice, it lies in P, the class of polynomial-time algorithms. In general, P is considered a machine-independent class because any operation that can be simulated in polynomial time can be assumed to require constant time, since it can be treated as a subroutine without exceeding the polynomial-time bound._NEWLINE_Oracle machines are machines that have a specific operation that they can perform in constant time; this operation can be arbitrarily complex and can dramatically affect the complexity of algorithms performed on the machine. For example, if one has an oracle to solve any NP-complete problem, then any problem in NP can be solved in polynomial time (whereas without the oracle, no polynomial-time algorithm is known for many of these problems). Oracle machines are impractical to construct but useful in theory for determining which proof techniques will be effective.
It's typical to say without qualification that insertion sort requires O(n²) time; however, it doesn't make sense to say that the bit complexity of insertion sort is O(n²), unless the elements being sorted are of constant size. If the elements are assumed to be integers between 1 and n, then the word complexity where words have log n bits would be O(n²), but it's preferable to have a model that allows sorting of lists other than lists of small integers, such as lists of strings. In this case, instead of measuring the number of time steps the abstract machine takes, it's preferable to define a particular metric appropriate to the problem at hand. For comparison sort algorithms, which examine the input using only comparisons and modify it using only exchanges (swaps), the typical metric is either the number of element comparisons performed, the number of element exchanges performed, or the sum of these. Different comparison sort algorithms can be compared using these metrics, but for useful comparison with non-comparison sorting algorithms, such as radix sort, a different metric must be used, and the set of elements must be restricted._NEWLINE_Because disk operations are orders of magnitude slower than accesses to main memory, the typical metric used in disk-based algorithms is the number of disk seeks or the number of blocks read from the disk, which depend on both the input and the parameters of the disk. RAM accesses and CPU operations are "free." Similarly, in many models used to study data structures, such as the cache-oblivious model, operations on cached data are considered "free" because they are typically orders of magnitude faster in practice than access to main memory. Consequently, the typical metric used is the number of cache misses, which depends on both the input and parameters of the cache.
While the original Japanese version of the early Contra games (specifically the original Contra, Super Contra and Operation C), were set in the 27th century (in the years 2633, 2634, and 2635 in that order), the American versions of these games omitted this detail and the instruction manuals for these versions implied that the series was set during the present day. Contra III: The Alien Wars retains its futuristic setting of 2636 for its American release, but the identities of the two player characters, Bill Rizer and Lance Bean (the heroes from the previous installments), were changed to their descendants "Jimbo" and "Sully" in order to retain the continuity of the previous localizations. The American (and European) version of Contra: Shattered Soldier was the first Contra game overseas to follow the same continuity as its Japanese counterpart. "Mad Dog" and "Scorpion", originally the nicknames given to Bill and Lance in the NES versions of Contra and Super C, were made into separate characters in Contra 4._NEWLINE_The enemy characters of the earlier games were also named differently in the American versions. Particularly "Red Falcon", originally the name of the terrorist army that was fought by the main characters in the first game (the Red Falcon Organization), became the name of the actual alien entity leader; thus "Red Falcon" became the name of the final boss fought at the end of Contra in which you fight both his alien body form and his heart. In Japan, these are intended to be two different entities: Emperor Demon Dragon God Java and Emperor Demon Evil Heart Gomera Mosking, respectively. The final boss of Super Contra (or the third to last boss in the NES Super C) and Contra III; is named Emperor Demon Gyaba in the original Japanese versions. Often mistaken as Red Falcon, his American name is referred to as Jagger Froid in the Super C instruction manual. The American Super C instruction manual also illustrates a common "running" alien enemy from its final stage as Red Falcon. The alien entity leader known as Red Falcon does not appear as an enemy in the Super Contra or Super C games. The antagonist of the Game Boy game Operation C, originally a nameless hostile nation seeking to develop alien-based weapons in the Japanese version, was changed to "Black Viper", another alien invader (the alien cell the player must destroy after thwarting the final security system is presumably Black Viper itself). In Contra 4, the final boss is actually Black Viper itself, who takes a form similar to Gyaba in the other games.
A major difference between the Chinese and the Indian coolie trades was that women and children were brought from India, along with men, while Chinese coolies were 99% male. This led to a high rate of Chinese men marrying women of other ethnicities like Indian women and mixed race Creole women. The contrast with the female to male ratio among Indian and Chinese immigrants has been compared by historians. In Sumatra in the Dutch East Indies just 18,731 Chinese women and 92,985 Chinese men served as coolies on plantations. Chinese women migrated less than Javanese and Indian women as indentured coolies. The number of Chinese women as coolies was "very small" while Chinese men were easily taken into the coolie trade. In Cuba men made up the vast majority of Chinese indentured servants on sugar plantations and in Peru non-Chinese women married the mostly male Chinese coolies. Polyandry was a common practice amongst Indian coolies. Between 1845 and 1917, twenty-five percent of all Indians brought to the Caribbean were women. With women as a severe minority, their morality was questioned and the actions of men as a result of having so few women was blamed on the women. Between 1858 and 1859, laws were put into place stating that the ratio of men to women could not exceed 2:1, whereas before it was 3:1. However, there continued to be a severe shortage of women. This gave women a new sense of power when it came to choosing a partner. With a shortage of women, it became the responsibility of the male suitor to provide a hefty dowry to a woman's father, regardless of what caste she came from. Unfortunately, this also put women in a very vulnerable position, especially when alone. Rape was a common occurrence, and there were accounts of women being bound and gagged in their own home by men. Between 1872 and 1900, it was reported that 87 women were murdered with 65 of those being married women who were accused of being unfaithful._NEWLINE_The scarcity of Indian women in the Caribbean may not have been completely due to the women's inability to perform work required of them. Many coolie women saw the chance to leave for the Caribbean as a way to escape abusive husbands, to hide pregnancy, to escape shame, or to simply find a better life. The 1883 Indian Immigration Act aimed to stop women from escaping their abusive husbands, which in turn made it much more difficult for women to emigrate. This in part due to an agent generally needing to travel to the woman's village in order to verify who she was._NEWLINE_Chinese women were scarce in every place where Chinese indentured laborers were brought, the migration was dominated by Chinese men. Up to the 1940s men made up the vast majority of the Costa Rican Chinese community. Males made up the majority of the original Chinese community in Mexico and they married Mexican women. One stark difference between Indian and Chinese coolies was the treatment of women, despite both groups having a severe shortage. Though there were crimes against women and women being murdered, these incidents were nowhere near as frequent as with Indian coolies. Though this was because there were so few Chinese, it became common for people to believe that Indians murder their women while Chinese women stay alive because, unlike their Indian counterparts, they are chaste._NEWLINE_In the early 1900s, the Chinese communities in Manila, Singapore, Mauritius, New Zealand, Victoria in Australia, the United States, and Victoria in British Columbia in Canada were all male dominated. Though the lack of women became a problem in later years, initially women were not high on the priority list when it came to coolie recruitment. Generally, it was believed that women were unwilling to perform the hard outdoor labor. Those who did perform it were still seen as not as good as men.
Large number of crash simulations use a method of analysis called the Finite Element Method. The complex problems are solved by dividing a surface into a large but still finite number of elements and determining the motion of these elements over very small periods of time. Another approach to crash simulations is performed by application of Macro Element Method. The difference between two mentioned above methodologies is that the structure in case of Macro Element Method consists of smaller number of elements. The calculation algorithm of structure deformation is based on experimental data rather than calculated from partial differential equations._NEWLINE_Pam-Crash started crash simulation and together with LS-DYNA is a software package which is widely used for application of Finite Element Method. This method allows detailed modeling of a structure, but the disadvantage lies in high processing unit requirements and calculation time. _NEWLINE_The Visual Crash Studio uses Macro Element Methodology. In comparison with FEM it has some modeling and boundary condition limitations but its application does not require advanced computers and the calculation time is incomparably smaller. Two presented methods complement each other. Macro Element Method is useful at early stage of the structure design process while Finite Element Method performs well at its final stages.
In particular, Dr. Adler was an expert on amorphous semiconductors, glassy substances that lack the precise atomic structure of semiconductor crystals. As a collaborator with Stanford Ovshinsky and other physicists at Energy Conversion Devices, Inc., where Adler consulted, he published extensively on solar photovoltaic energy conversion, and threshold switching and memory devices. He was also renowned for the “originality and clarity” of his review articles, which have been described as “among the clearest and best written in any field of science and technology.”_NEWLINE_Adler was born in the Bronx to Russian immigrant parents and attended the Bronx High School of Science. He then received his B.S. from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) in 1956 and his doctorate in physics from Harvard University in 1964. At Harvard, Adler started a dissertation on quantum field theory advised by Julian Schwinger at a time when Prof. Schwinger was revolutionizing theoretical physics. But Schwinger, who has been criticized for ignoring his graduate students, lost Adler’s thesis draft, and Adler changed his research direction, completing his Ph.D. on the theory of semiconductor-to-metal transitions with Harvey Brooks._NEWLINE_Next, Dr. Adler worked for a year as a research associate at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment (AERE) in Harwell, United Kingdom. He then became a research associate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1965, advancing to full professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in 1975. During his relatively short career, Adler published almost 300 papers in technical journals and presented over 80 invited papers at scientific meetings throughout the world._NEWLINE_Prof. Adler played a key role in the development and operation of MIT’s Concourse, a small, interdisciplinary program of studies for undergraduates. Since Adler was “regarded as one of his department’s most outstanding teachers of undergraduates”  and headed up its undergraduate thesis program, MIT established in his honor the yearly David Adler Memorial Thesis Prize for Outstanding Undergraduate Thesis._NEWLINE_Adler was a Fellow of the American Physical Society, which also created an annual award in his honor, the David Adler Lectureship Award in the Field of Materials Physics. He served as a regional editor of the Journal of Non-Crystalline Solids, an associate editor of Materials Research Bulletin, and an editorial board member of the publication Semiconductors & Insulators._NEWLINE_Adler was also well known in the physics community for his love and knowledge of fine food and world travel. Adler was married to biochemist Alice J. Adler for 29 years, until his death.
The direct predecessor of DirectShow, ActiveMovie (codenamed Quartz), was originally chartered to provide MPEG-1 file playback support for Windows. It was also intended as a future replacement for media processing frameworks like Video for Windows, which had never been designed to handle codecs that put video frames into a different order during the compression process, and the Media Control Interface, which had never been fully ported to a 32-bit environment and did not utilize COM._NEWLINE_The Quartz team started with an existing project called Clockwork. Clockwork was a modular media processing framework in which semi-independent components worked together to process digital media streams, and had previously been used in several projects, including the Microsoft Interactive Television (MITV) project and another project named Tiger._NEWLINE_ActiveMovie was announced in March 1996, and released in May 1996, bundled with the beta version of Internet Explorer 3.0. In March 1997, Microsoft announced that ActiveMovie would become part of the DirectX 5 suite of technologies, and around July started referring to it as DirectShow, reflecting Microsoft's efforts at the time to consolidate technologies that worked directly with hardware under a common naming scheme. DirectShow became a standard component of all Windows operating systems starting with Windows 98; however it is available on Windows 95 by installing the latest available DirectX redistributable. In DirectX version 8.0, DirectShow became part of the mainline distribution of the DirectX SDK and was placed alongside other DirectX APIs._NEWLINE_In October 2004, DirectShow was removed from the main DirectX distribution and relocated to the DirectX Extras download. In April 2005, DirectShow was removed entirely from DirectX and moved to the Windows SDK starting with the Windows Server 2003 SP1 version of the SDK. The DirectX SDK was, however, still required to build some of the DirectShow samples._NEWLINE_Since November 2007, DirectShow APIs are part of the Windows SDK. It includes several new enhancements, codecs and filter updates such as the Enhanced Video Renderer (EVR) and DXVA 2.0 (DirectX Video Acceleration).
DirectShow Editing Services (DES), introduced in DirectX 8.0/Windows XP is an API targeted at video editing tasks and built on top of the core DirectShow architecture. DirectShow Editing Services was introduced for Microsoft's Windows Movie Maker.  It includes APIs for timeline and switching services, resizing, cropping, video and audio effects, as well as transitions, keying, automatic frame rate and sample rate conversion and such other features which are used in non-linear video editing allowing creation of composite media out of a number of source audio and video streams. DirectShow Editing Services allow higher-level run-time compositing, seeking support, and graph management, while still allowing applications to access lower-level DirectShow functions._NEWLINE_While the original API is in C++, DirectShow Editing Services is accessible in any Microsoft .NET compatible language including Microsoft Visual C# and Microsoft Visual Basic by using a third-party code library called "DirectShowNet Library". Alternatively, the entire DirectShow API, including DirectShow Editing Services, can be accessed from Borland Delphi 5, 6 and 7, C++ Builder 6, and from later versions with a few minor modifications, using a third party software library called "DSPack"._NEWLINE_As of March, 2012 (and, apparently as early as 2009), Microsoft has stated that the DirectShow Editing Services "API is not supported and may be altered or unavailable in the future."
The troubles for Dnevni telegraf started in October 1998 when the Serbian government led by prime minister Mirko Marjanović introduced a decree (uredba) outlining special measures in the wake of the NATO bombing threat. Using the decree, on 14 October 1998 the government's Ministry of Information headed by Aleksandar Vučić decided to ban the publishing of Dnevni telegraf, Danas and Naša borba dailies._NEWLINE_In the case of Dnevni telegraf, the reason for this radical measure was listed to be the paper's supposed "spreading of defeatism by running subversive article headlines". Following the protests and pressure by domestic NGOs and foreign governments, the ban was lifted on 20 October 1998, only to be replaced by the infamous new Information Law that was passed on the same day._NEWLINE_Obviously, the "non-aggression pact" between Mira Marković and Slavko Ćuruvija was off. At a time when NATO threatened with airstrikes, the regime was becoming more radicalized by the second. The real reason for its sudden attitude shift when it came to independent media, at least in Curuvija's case, probably lay in the fact that both Dnevni telegraf and its sister bi-weekly Evropljanin (published by the same umbrella company) reported very openly about the deteriorating situation in the Serbian southern province of Kosovo all throughout the summer and fall of 1998. The newspaper was also very critical of the regime's severe University Law that effectively took away the academic autonomy from the higher learning institutions in Serbia._NEWLINE_Ruling coalition made up of SPS, SRS and Yugoslav Left was getting ready to pass another draconian piece of legislation - new Information Law that would give it enormous powers when it came to fining and disciplining the media._NEWLINE_Following an unpleasant exchange with Mira Marković during the week when Dnevni telegraf was banned - their last ever conversation - Ćuruvija took Aleksandar Tijanić's suggestion (he also wrote for Evropljanin at the time), and the two put together a strongly worded open letter to Milošević entitled 'What's Next, Slobo?' signed by both of them. It was published in Evropljanin issue that came out on 19 October 1998, one day before the Information Law got urgently passed in the National Assembly._NEWLINE_Regime's response was swift. The staff was served with a late-night court-summoning notice on a charge pressed by the Patriotic Alliance (Patriotski savez), a phantom organization with no prior history of existence - an obvious attempt at disguising the fact Yugoslav Left and Mira Marković were behind it all. After a 1-day trial on 23 October 1998, an YUM2.4 million (~DM350,000) fine was leveled at Evropljanin by the presiding judge Mirko Đorđević under the new Law for "endangering constitutional order", even if the incriminating issue appeared a full day before the law had been passed._NEWLINE_On Sunday night, 25 October 1998, police entered the Dnevni telegraf and Evropljanin shared offices, located at the Borba building's 5th floor, and confiscated the entire next day's print of Dnevni telegraf. Since they found only 2 dinars on DT Press' bank account (Ćuruvija's company, publisher of both papers), the police started confiscating their business property, which covered about YUM60,000 of the amount owed. This also meant neither publication could go on. Furthermore, the police also entered the apartment of Ivan Tadić, DT Press executive director and confiscated his furniture, which they appraised to be worth around DM1,100. They also attempted to enter apartments of company owner Slavko Ćuruvija as well as Dragan Bujošević, Evropljanin editor-in-chief, but decided against it, probably fearing bigger media backlash._NEWLINE_After two weeks of forced hiatus, the next issue of Dnevni telegraf came out on Saturday, 7 November 1998, featuring Otpor!'s clenched fist logo on the front page along with the movement's ad urging peaceful resistance to authorities. Regime reacted immediately. After forcing Politika AD to stop distributing Dnevni telegraf and Borba to revoke its printing privileges, it also pressed another private citation (prekršajna prijava). This time by one Bratislava Buba Morina of the "Yugoslav Women Association" (Savez žena Jugoslavije), yet another phantom organization. Ms. Morina alleged Dnevni telegraf "attempted to violently destroy the constitutional order of Yugoslavia" by running an ad that "endangered women and children of Yugoslavia". In another quickie trial on 8 November 1998, the paper was slapped with a YUM1.2 million (US$120,000) fine. This would prove to be the final nail in its coffin as far as continuing to publish in Serbia went._NEWLINE_Around 10 p.m., on 9 November 1998, twenty employees of Serbian public revenue service seized the entire circulation of Dnevni telegraf which was to be distributed the next day.
The ElGamal signature scheme is a digital signature scheme which is based on the difficulty of computing discrete logarithms. It was described by Taher Elgamal in 1985._NEWLINE_The ElGamal signature algorithm is rarely used in practice. A variant developed at the NSA and known as the Digital Signature Algorithm is much more widely used. There are several other variants. The ElGamal signature scheme must not be confused with ElGamal encryption which was also invented by Taher Elgamal.
The ElGamal signature scheme is a digital signature scheme based on the algebraic properties of modular exponentiation, together with the discrete logarithm problem. The algorithm uses a key pair consisting of a public key and a private key. The private key is used to generate a digital signature for a message, and such a signature can be verified by using the signer's corresponding public key. The digital signature provides message authentication (the receiver can verify the origin of the message), integrity (the receiver can verify that the message has not been modified since it was signed) and non-repudiation (the sender cannot falsely claim that they have not signed the message).
Elektron started working on its first electronic instrument in 1997. At the time, it was a school project, a mandatory course part of the Computer Science program at the Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg, Sweden. The three founders were Daniel Hansson, Anders Gärder and Mikael Räim. Hansson recalls: "There were a number of projects to choose from: build a digital land-line phone, a bicycle trip computer, or a beeper. None of that seemed fun or challenging enough, so I suggested we build a synthesizer instead!" The synthesizer, called the SidStation, was initially made in a test run of ten units. The project was deemed commercially viable, so in 1998 a company was started to nurture it and Elektron ESI was born. Following the SidStation, Elektron released the Machinedrum and the Monomachine._NEWLINE_When development of the Octatrack (in 2009) began, Jonas Hillman stepped in to provide the management, structural reform and capital needed to get the company growing. Since then, Jonas has been acting CEO, majority owner and business spokesperson for the company, subsequently renamed Elektron Music Machines. With Hillman at the helm, Elektron offices were opened in Los Angeles and Tokyo. The Gothenburg office remains the company headquarters. The product portfolio has been expanded to include music production software (Overbridge) as well as analog synthesizer hardware.
Mohammad Shariatmadari was appointed as the leader of Setad by order of Ali Khamenei on 1994. Among Iranians who have served in running of, or overseeing of, Setad is Mohammad Javad Iravani, who took over as head of Setad in 1997. In 2007, Mohammad Mokhber began acting as CEO._NEWLINE_In 2009, Mohammad Saeedikia, a former Iranian minister of housing and urban development,  was named the chairman of the Setad subsidiary Tadbir Construction Development Group.  Aref Norozi served on the board of Tadbir Investment and was head of Setad's real-estate division. As of 2013, Ali Ashraf Afkhami was "identified" as head of Tadbir Economic Development Group. As of June 2013, Mohammad Reyshahri, a former intelligence minister, was chairman of Rey Investment Co, appointed by Khamenei.
He composed significant poetic works in Persian and is ascribed by Bada'uni and his other contemporaries to have composed over a hundred poetic works, but all the titles are not known to us. His Divan (collection of poems), was entitled Tabashir al-Subh. His Divan comprises qasidas, ghazals, ruba'is and elegies._NEWLINE_The exaltation of pantheism in some of his lyrics brought on him the enmity of the orthodox Muslim clergy._NEWLINE_In pursuance of the literary practice then in vogue, Faizi planned to produce a Panj Ganj (literally five treasures) or Khamsa in imitation of the Persian poet Nizami Ganjavi. At the age of 30, he started writing five works: the Nal o Daman (a Persian imitation of the famous Indian epic Nala and Damayanti), the Markaz ul-Advar (The Centre of the Circle), the Sulaiman o Bilqis (Solomon and Balkis – the queen of Sheba), the Haft Kishvar (The Seven Zones of the Earth) and the Akbarnama (The History of Akbar). His two completed works, the Markaz ul-Advar and the Nal o Daman (completed in 1594) was the javab (imitation) of Nizami's the Makhzan ul-Asrarand the Layla o Majnun. His other three incomplete works, the Sulaiman o Bilqis, the Haft Kishvar and the Akbarnama were the imitations of the Khusraw o Shirin, the Haft Paykar and the Sikandarnama respectively._NEWLINE_During his stay in Deccan from 1591–3, Faizi wrote a celebrated series of reports on political and cultural conditions of Deccan, as well as contemporary Iran. He wrote a number of books in Arabic which include "Swati al-Ilham" and "Mawarid al-Kalam" ( witten without dotted letters.) and translated Bhaskaracharya's celebrated Sanskrit work on mathematics, Lilavati, into Persian. According to its preface, this work was completed in AH 995 (1587). Friedrich Max Müller's Introduction to the Science of Religion (1870, last ed. 1882) has a number of metrical paraphrases of Faizi's poems.
FireTeam was designed by Ned Lerner, Art Min, and James Morris (creator of the Panasonic M2 graphics libraries, programming tools, and operating system). The gameplay was a deliberate attempt to adapt the dynamics of MicroProse's X-COM series to a real-time environment._NEWLINE_Early news coverage of the game tended to center on its ability to let players talk to each other online without voice modems, and Multitude acquired patents on portions of the voice technology. The developers ran a 40,000 person beta test before focusing on the voice technology, turning FireTeam into Firetalk.
The gameplay deviates from the previous games in the series slightly. In keeping with the first two installments, players are once again tasked with surviving a week of night shifts, lasting from 12 A.M. to 6 A.M. (4 minutes of real time). However, this game features only one animatronic that can physically attack the player and end the game. Several animatronics from earlier games return as "phantoms" that can't harm the player directly, but can hinder efforts to survive until 6 A.M._NEWLINE_The game takes place in a horror-themed attraction named Fazbear's Fright, which is constructed using props and equipment salvaged from the former Fazbear Entertainment restaurants. The attraction aims to capitalize on the previous incidents that occurred at the various restaurants formerly operated by the company. The player must monitor two separate security camera systems, one each for the rooms/corridors and ventilation ductwork in order to track the animatronic's movements. In addition, the player must watch the status of three operating systems and reboot them whenever they malfunction. These systems control the cameras, a set of audio devices that can be used to lure the animatronic away from the player's position, and the ventilation. Failure to keep the latter of these running can cause the player to hallucinate seeing multiple animatronics in the building. If the real animatronic enters the office, it jumpscares the player and the game ends._NEWLINE_The game consists of five nights, increasing in difficulty, and completing all five unlocks an even more challenging "Nightmare" night. Several low-resolution minigames are hidden within the main game; completing all of them unlocks the game's "good ending" and grants access to bonus content that includes a cheat menu._NEWLINE_If the player completes the "Nightmare" night, they will unlock the cheat menu. The cheat menu offers a range of options, including a mode to make the animatronics act more aggressive and therefore make the game harder, depending on the player's skills. Other cheats include a radar and the ability to make nights faster.
Set thirty years after the events of the first game, the player assumes the role of a newly-hired employee at Fazbear's Fright, a horror-themed attraction based on the unsolved mysteries of Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, constructed using paraphernalia salvaged from the original restaurants. During the week before the attraction is scheduled to open to the public, the player must watch over the facility from the security office during their shift (12:00 A.M. to 6:00 A.M. game time), using a network of surveillance cameras placed in the rooms and air vents. In addition, the player must monitor the status of three operating systems - cameras, audio and ventilation - and reboot them whenever they begin to malfunction. Camera problems cause the video feeds, already poorly lit and distorted, to become totally obscured by static. If the ventilation fails, the player's vision begins to black out. The player may also see phantoms of animatronics from the previous games; these can cause system malfunctions, most commonly in the ventilation, but cannot directly harm the player._NEWLINE_After the first night, the staff at Fazbear's Fright uncover an older deteriorated, rabbit-like animatronic which they nickname "Springtrap"; The player must now prevent it from entering the office and attacking; if this happens, the game ends. The player can seal off the air vents at certain points to block its progress, but cannot seal the door or air vent that lead directly into the office. The audio system, when functioning properly, can be used to play sound effects that draw it away from the office. Ventilation malfunctions can cause the player to hallucinate seeing more than one Springtrap on the cameras._NEWLINE_As the nights progress, the player hears a series of instructional cassette tapes (similar to the telephone calls from the first two games) that instruct employees how to operate the "Spring Bonnie" suit, which can function as both an animatronic and a costume for humans. However, later tapes discourage usage of the suit by employees due to a series of fatal accidents involving the failure of the suit's spring-lock mechanism. Low-resolution minigames between nights hint at the restaurant's troubled past, with the first four nights' minigames depicting the original animatronics following a dark purple animatronic before being violently disassembled by William Afton, previously seen in the minigames of Five Nights at Freddy's 2 as the man responsible for the various murders that occurred throughout the franchise's fictional history. In the fifth night's minigame, the ghosts of the five children who inhabited the animatronics corner William Afton, who attempts to protect himself by hiding in the "Spring Bonnie" suit. However, the suit's faulty spring-lock mechanism fails, and the man is crushed as the children fade away, leaving their killer to seemingly bleed to death._NEWLINE_Unlike the previous entries, Five Nights at Freddy's 3 contains two endings, depending on whether the player has found and completed all of the hidden minigames within the main game. Some of these are only available on specific nights, while others can be accessed during any night. The "bad ending" is attained from completing the game without completing all the hidden minigames, and shows a screen depicting the heads of the five animatronics from the first game with lit-up eyes, implying that the animatronics are still possessed. Completing all the hidden minigames before completing the game earns the "good ending", which is the same screen as described previously but with the animatronics' heads turned off, with one head disappearing, presumably Golden Freddy. This implies that the children's souls have finally been put to rest._NEWLINE_Completing all five nights unlocks a bonus night, "Nightmare", which boosts the game's difficulty, similar to "Night 6" in the previous titles. While playing the mode, an archived recording states that all Freddy Fazbear's Pizza locations' safe rooms (an additional emergency room which "is not included in the digital map layout programmed in the animatronics or the security cameras, is hidden to customers, invisible to animatronics, and is always off-camera") will be permanently sealed, instructing employees that they are "not be mentioned to family, friends or insurance representatives." When this night is completed, a newspaper clipping reveals that Fazbear's Fright was destroyed in a fire shortly after the events of the game and that any salvageable items from the attraction are to be auctioned off. However, brightening the image reveals Springtrap in the background, which suggests he somehow survived, leaving his fate unknown.
Processes related to functional decomposition are prevalent throughout the fields of knowledge representation and machine learning. Hierarchical model induction techniques such as Logic circuit minimization, decision trees, grammatical inference, hierarchical clustering, and quadtree decomposition are all examples of function decomposition. A review of other applications and function decomposition can be found in Zupan et al. (1997), which also presents methods based on information theory and graph theory._NEWLINE_Many statistical inference methods can be thought of as implementing a function decomposition process in the presence of noise; that is, where functional dependencies are only expected to hold approximately. Among such models are mixture models and the recently popular methods referred to as "causal decompositions" or Bayesian networks.
In practical scientific applications, it is almost never possible to achieve perfect functional decomposition because of the incredible complexity of the systems under study.  This complexity is manifested in the presence of "noise," which is just a designation for all the unwanted and untraceable influences on our observations._NEWLINE_However, while perfect functional decomposition is usually impossible, the spirit lives on in a large number of statistical methods that are equipped to deal with noisy systems.  When a natural or artificial system is intrinsically hierarchical, the joint distribution on system variables should provide evidence of this hierarchical structure. The task of an observer who seeks to understand the system is then to infer the hierarchical structure from observations of these variables. This is the notion behind the hierarchical decomposition of a joint distribution, the attempt to recover something of the intrinsic hierarchical structure which generated that joint distribution._NEWLINE_As an example, Bayesian network methods attempt to decompose a joint distribution along its causal fault lines, thus "cutting nature at its seams". The essential motivation behind these methods is again that within most systems (natural or artificial), relatively few components/events interact with one another directly on equal footing (Simon 1963). Rather, one observes pockets of dense connections (direct interactions) among small subsets of components, but only loose connections between these densely connected subsets. There is thus a notion of "causal proximity" in physical systems under which variables naturally precipitate into small clusters. Identifying these clusters and using them to represent the joint provides the basis for great efficiency of storage (relative to the full joint distribution) as well as for potent inference algorithms.
Although the series uses a wide range of styles of humor, including self-deprecation, black comedy, off-color humor, slapstick, and surreal humor, its primary source of comedy is its satirical depiction of everyday life in the future and its parodical comparisons to the present. Groening notes that, from the show's conception, his goal was to make what was, on the surface, a goofy comedy that would have underlying "legitimate literary science fiction concepts". The series contrasted "low culture" and "high culture" comedy; for example, Bender's catchphrase is the insult "Bite my shiny metal ass" while his most terrifying nightmare is a vision of the number 2, a joke referring to the binary numeral system (Fry assures him, "there's no such thing as two")._NEWLINE_The series developed a cult following partially due to the large number of in-jokes it contains, most of which are aimed at "nerds". In commentary on the DVD releases, David X. Cohen points out and sometimes explains his "nerdiest joke[s]". These included mathematical jokes — such as "Loew's -plex" (aleph-null-plex) movie theater, — as well as various forms of science humor — for example, Professor Farnsworth, at a racetrack, complains about the use of a quantum finish to decide the winner, exclaiming "No fair! You changed the outcome by measuring it", a reference to the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. In the season six episode "Law and Oracle", Fry and the robot peace officer URL track down a traffic violator who turns out to be Erwin Schrödinger, the 20th-century quantum physicist. On the front seat of the car is a box, and when questioned about the contents, Schrödinger replies "A cat, some poison, and a cesium atom". Fry asks if the cat is alive or dead, and Schrödinger answers "It's a superposition of both states until you open the box and collapse the wave function." When Fry opens the box, the cat jumps out and attacks him. The run is a reference to the Schrödinger's cat thought experiment of quantum mechanics. The series makes passing references to quantum chromodynamics (the appearance of Strong Force-brand glue), computer science (two separate books in a closet labeled P and NP respectively, referring to the possibility that P and NP-complete problem classes are distinct), electronics (an X-ray — or more accurately, an "F-ray" — of Bender's head reveals a 6502 microprocessor), and genetics (a mention of Bender's "robo- or R-NA"). The show often features subtle references to classic science fiction. These are most often to Star Trek — many soundbites are used in homage — but also include the reference to the origin of the word robot made in the name of the robot-dominated planet Chapek 9, and the black rectangular monolith labeled "Out of Order" in orbit around Jupiter (a reference to Arthur C. Clarke's Space Odyssey series). Bender and Fry sometimes watch a television show called The Scary Door, a humorous parody of The Twilight Zone._NEWLINE__NEWLINE_Journalist/critic Frank Lovece in Newsday contrasted the humor tradition of Groening's two series, finding that _NEWLINE_"The Simpsons echoes the strains of American-Irish vaudeville humor — the beer-soaked, sneaking-in-late-while-the-wife's-asleep comedy of Harrigan and Hart, McNulty and Murray, the Four Cohans (which, yes, included George M.) and countless others: knockabout yet sentimental, and ultimately about the bonds of blood family. Futurama, conversely, stems from Jewish-American humor, and not just in the obvious archetype of Dr. Zoidberg. From vaudeville to the Catskills to Woody Allen, it's that distinctly rueful humor built to ward away everything from despair to petty annoyance — the 'You gotta do what you gotta do' philosophy that helps the 'Futurama' characters cope in a mega-corporate world where the little guy is essentially powerless."_NEWLINE_ Animation maven Jerry Beck concurred: _NEWLINE_"I'm Jewish, and I know what you're saying. Fry has that [type of humor], Dr. Zoidberg, all the [vocal artist] Billy West characters. I see it. The bottom line is, the producers are trying to make sure the shows are completely different entities."
The initial agreement between the provincial government had MoU with Bandung City Government in 2008, with agreed proportion of 60% funding from the provincial government. Therefore, the stadium will be a owned by the provincial government . In recent developments, with the MoU signed 27 December 2009, the whole funding is from the city government and Gedebage Stadium will be owned by the city government. However, West Java provincial government will help via the financial aid budget (Bankeu) for 3 years.
In October 2010, Gemalto filed a lawsuit against Google, Samsung, HTC and Motorola over the Android operating system in the Eastern District of Texas. Gemalto said that Android phones had memory-utilization features that it had first developed and patented, and accused the defendant companies of infringing three of its patents. Ars Technica quoted ING analysts who estimated that winning this lawsuit could potentially bring the company royalty receipts amounting to 30-50 million Euros per annum. However, in June 2014, a panel of judges in the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled in favor of the defendants that Android phones don't infringe on those patents.
Gemalto provides software solutions, subscriber identity modules (SIM) and managed services to more than 700 million subscribers in the telecommunications market. Gemalto has more than 400 mobile telecom operator customers worldwide._NEWLINE_In 2007, Gemalto organized the telecom business into four lines—secure operated services, advanced products and data services, value-added products and service deployment, and SIM cards._NEWLINE_In October, Gemalto won the 2007 Frost & Sullivan Product Innovation Award in the field of mobile contactless technologies for its Smart Card Web Server (SCWS)._NEWLINE_Every year since 2000, Gemalto has organized the "SIMagine" contest, the Worldwide Mobile Communication & Java Card Developers Contest, aimed at stimulating innovations using SIM-based solutions. Sponsors include Samsung Semiconductor Europe and Sun Microsystems._NEWLINE_In 2016, following the Buzzinbees acquisition, it introduced the concept of SIM reactivation whereby operators can let users reuse expired SIM cards instead of purchasing new ones when they wish to re-subscribe to that operator.
In February 2007, the Portuguese Mint and National Printing Office (INCM) picked Gemalto to provide their national e-ID Citizen Card. Gemalto provides the operating system, the personalization system and applications, the middleware and associated helpdesk services.  All Portuguese citizens will ultimately carry these cards as their national ID document.
George I. Davida is an American computer scientist and cryptographer. He is an outspoken proponent of public access to cryptography and an opponent of various National Security Agency (NSA) and US federal government policies and initiatives like the Clipper chip, a stance dating back to his 1977 reception of a gag order from the NSA under the Invention Secrecy Act relating to a patent application for a stream cipher device, using research funded by a National Science Foundation grant. He used to work at the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Iowa. He was director of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee's Center for Cryptography, Computer and Network Security, until retiring in 2010.
The HDVSL technology stack is very similar to the Chinese 3G standard, but far more spectrum efficient with a scalable path to 10 Gbit/s+ speeds in a wireless terminal. The HDVSL operating system interfaces with terminal level stacks such as android, iOS and Windows. The standard was initially deployed over wired DSL networks in 2007-08. At that point, the network topology consisted of a HDVSL Dslam at the switch end and a HDVSL modem at the home end. The current version 2013 is a significant and quantum improvement over the 2007 version in terms of spectrum efficiency, terminal power requirements and its ability to handle uncompressed video flawlessly._NEWLINE_India has only around 2.5 million DSL subscribers, 80% of which are on the ADSL2+ standard. Indian DSL penetration has been limited by the absence of personal computers in Indian homes. Only an estimated 3 million of the 200 million Indian homes own a computer. Most government plans to increase PC penetration in recent years have failed. Reasons for failure include the cost of a PC, language, computer illiteracy etc. In contrast, India has close to 900 million mobile subscribers, an increasing number of which aspire to own a smartphone. Migrating a DSL+ level of IP data service to a mobile phone is highly challenging._NEWLINE_Some parts of India have population densities in excess of 250,000 people per square kilometer. Coupled with the fact that most of these people live in reinforced cement concrete houses - radio propation and coverage are difficult to overcome challenges. HDVSL is an Indian DSL standard, which successfully addresses this problem. The HDVSL standard operates a 36 Mbit/s duplex Ethernet link - and the HDVSL modem has a direct connection to a display, eliminating the need for a client-side processor altogether. As a result, client side processor based systems such as android, ios and windows can coexist with HDVSL._NEWLINE_HDVSL has an estimated 250K users under deployment in India and China - mostly over an independent RF channel generated from a femtocell interconnected with the internet.The HDVSL standard is likely to see large scale commercialisation as a substitute to LTE in 2013. It is not clear at this stage, how the highly complex semiconductors required for the Multi band RF link would be sourced. Primetel, the inventor of the HDVSL stack is rumoured to have licensed the stack to IBT semiconductors and the first chipsets are expected in Q1/2014 with a 155 Mbit/s duplex ability._NEWLINE_The most ambitious HDVSL deployment on a tier I telco network was the videomail content delivery network (CDN) being built by NYSE listed Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL) in the city of Mumbai, India. MTNL is the broadband market leader in national capital Delhi and the commercial capital Mumbai with close to one million DSL broadband subscribers. The videomail CDN in Mumbai is believed to have a capacity of over 100 Tbit/s making it probably the most powerful CDN every deployed anywhere. It is believed that this CDN will be interfaced with a global network of femtocells to provide wireless HDVSL connectivity using the unlicensed femtocell bands initially and then migrating to the 90 GHz band._NEWLINE_India has also approved the construction of a HDVSL-compliant rich media data centre with an initial capacity of 28,000 video servers. The data centre is being built by the Interactivity consortium and would connect to the San Francisco to London medianet submarine cable. The Medianet submarine cable is likely to have full function landing points in Singapore Media City and Dubai Media City.  Once fully operational - it will facilitate a place shift of television channels making terminal based place shift devices like slingbox obsolete.
Hierax (Greek: Ἱέραξ), or Hieracas, was a learned ascetic who flourished about the end of the 3rd century at Leontopolis in Egypt, where he lived to the age of ninety, supporting himself by calligraphy and devoting his leisure to scientific and literary pursuits, especially to the study of the Bible._NEWLINE_He was the author of Biblical commentaries both in Greek and Coptic, and is said to have composed many hymns. He became leader of the so-called sect of the Hieracites, an ascetic society from which married persons were excluded, and of which one of the leading tenets was that only the celibate could enter the kingdom of heaven. He asserted that the suppression of the sexual impulse was emphatically the new revelation brought by the Logos, and appealed to 1 Cor. vii., Heb. xii. 14, and Matt. xix. 12, xxv. 21._NEWLINE_Hierax may be called the connecting link between Origen and the Coptic monks. A man of deep learning and prodigious memory, he seems to have developed Origen's Christology in the direction of Athanasius. He held that the Son was a torch lighted at the torch of the Father, that Father and Son are a bipartite light. He repudiated the ideas of a bodily resurrection and a material paradise, and on the ground of 2 Tim. ii. 5 questioned the salvation of even baptized infants, "for without knowledge no conflict, without conflict no reward."_NEWLINE_In his insistence on virginity as the specifically Christian virtue he set up the great theme of the church of the 4th and 5th centuries.
The basis for digital camera image sensors is metal-oxide-semiconductor (MOS) technology, which originates from the invention of the MOSFET (MOS field-effect transistor) by Mohamed M. Atalla and Dawon Kahng at Bell Labs in 1959. This led to the development of digital semiconductor image sensors, including the charge-coupled device (CCD) and later the CMOS sensor._NEWLINE_The first semiconductor image sensor was the CCD, invented by Willard S. Boyle and George E. Smith at Bell Labs in 1969. While researching MOS technology, they realized that an electric charge was the analogy of the magnetic bubble and that it could be stored on a tiny MOS capacitor. As it was fairly straighforward to fabricate a series of MOS capacitors in a row, they connected a suitable voltage to them so that the charge could be stepped along from one to the next. The CCD is a semiconductor circuit that was later used in the first digital video cameras for television broadcasting._NEWLINE_The NMOS active-pixel sensor (APS) was invented by Olympus in Japan during the mid-1980s. This was enabled by advances in MOS semiconductor device fabrication, with MOSFET scaling reaching smaller micron and then sub-micron levels. The NMOS APS was fabricated by Tsutomu Nakamura's team at Olympus in 1985. The CMOS active-pixel sensor (CMOS sensor) was later developed by Eric Fossum's team at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory in 1993._NEWLINE_Practical digital cameras were enabled by advances in data compression, due to the impractically high memory and bandwidth requirements of uncompressed images and video. The most important compression algorithm is the discrete cosine transform (DCT), a lossy compression technique that was first proposed by Nasir Ahmed while he was working at the University of Texas in 1972. Practical digital cameras were enabled by DCT-based compression standards, including the H.26x and MPEG video coding standards introduced from 1988 onwards, and the JPEG image compression standard introduced in 1992.
Horrible Histories is a British sketch comedy and musical television series, part of the children's history books of the same name. The show was produced for CBBC by Lion Television with Citrus Television and ran from 2009 to 2013 for five series of thirteen half-hour episodes, with additional one-off seasonal and Olympic specials._NEWLINE_The TV show carries over the graphic style and much of the content of the Horrible Histories book series. It maintains the franchise's overall irreverent but accurate focus on the dark, gruesome or scatological aspects of British and other Western world history, spanning from the Stone Age to the post-World War II era. Individual historical eras or civilisations are defined and named as in the books, with sketches from several different time periods combined within a single episode. Live-action sketches—which often parody other UK media or celebrities—and music videos are intercut with animations and quizzes. The starring troupe are Mathew Baynton, Simon Farnaby, Martha Howe-Douglas, Jim Howick, Laurence Rickard, Sarah Hadland and Ben Willbond, alongside a large supporting cast headed by Katy Wix, Lawry Lewin, Alice Lowe and Dominique Moore. The black rat puppet "host", Rattus Rattus, appears in short bridging segments, explaining the factual basis for each sketch._NEWLINE_The creative team was largely recruited from the mainstream adult UK comedy scene. They took inspiration from such quintessentially British historical-comedy classics as Blackadder and the Monty Python films. The series was a critical and ratings success, eventually gaining a wide all ages audience through its non-condescending and inclusive approach. It has won numerous domestic and international awards and has been named among the greatest British children's television series of all time.
Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo was born on 9 July 1950 in Sedayu, Bantul, Yogyakarta, Indonesia. He was the seventh of ten siblings. He graduated St. Peter Canisius Minor seminary in Mertoyudan, Central Java in 1968. He completed his undergraduate degree in Philosophy and Theology at Sanata Dharma University, Yogyakarta in 1971 and doctoral degree from the Pontifical Urbaniana University, Rome, in 1981._NEWLINE_He was ordained priest of Archdiocese of Semarang on 26 January 1976. He joined the faculty of philosophy in Jakarta from 1981 to 1991 and headed the faculty of philosophy and sociology in Santa Dharma from 1983 to 1993. He was dean on the faculty of theology at Santa Dharma from 1993 to 1997. _NEWLINE_Pope John Paul II appointed him Archbishop of Semarang on 21 April 1997, and he received episcopal consecration from Cardinal Julius Darmaatmadja on 22 August 1997. He chose as his episcopal motto Cum Omni Humiltate serviens Domino ("Serving the Lord with all humility") from Acts 20:19. While in that post, he served as secretary general of the Bishops' Conference of Indonesia, and a member of the Office of Ecumenical and Interreligious Affairs of the Federation of Asian Bishops' Conferences. He was elected secretary general of the Episcopal Conference of Indonesia in 2000 and vice president of the Conference in 2006. In 2002 he participated in the Synod of Bishops on The Word of God in the Life and Mission of the Church._NEWLINE_He was also appointed Ordinary of the Indonesian Military Forces Ordinariate on 2 January 2006. _NEWLINE_On 25 July 2009, Pope Benedict XVI appointed him Coadjutor Archbishop of Jakarta. He became Archbishop of Jakarta on June 28, 2010, when Pope Benedict XVI accepted the resignation of Julius Cardinal Darmaatmadja. At Christmas 2012, he protested the roadblocks Indonesian Christian face in getting permission to construct churches on their own property._NEWLINE_On 13 September 2014, Pope Francis named him a member of the Congregation for the Evangelisation People._NEWLINE_He was elected the president of the Episcopal Conference of Indonesia in 2012._NEWLINE_He also attended the Synod of Bishops on the New Evangelisation in October 2012 where he advocated for allowing regional bishops' conferences greater authority over translations of the Missal, noting the negative associations attached in Indonesia to the word spirit, which if unmodified indicates an evil spirit. He also notes the appeal of the vernacular in Catholic prayer in contrast to the Arabic used only for prayer by the Muslim majority in Indonesia. He also attended the Synod of Bishops in October 2015._NEWLINE_On 1 September 2019, Pope Francis announced he would make him a cardinal, the third from Indonesia. On 5 October 2019, Pope Francis made him Cardinal Priest of Spirito Santo alla Ferratella.
iiNet was founded in 1993 by Michael Malone and Michael O'Reilly, who started the business in a suburban garage in Perth as iiNet Technologies Pty Ltd. It began as one of the first Australian ISPs to offer TCP/IP Internet access, as opposed to the store-and-forward techniques (such as MHSnet) that were then in use at other ISPs. It claims it was the first ISP to offer PPP access in Australia, and to be the first to base operations on the then new Linux operating system._NEWLINE_The company outgrew its suburban home in 1995 and moved to CBD office accommodation yet its early growth during the Internet boom was hampered by the ability of Telstra (not releasing Bigpond as an ISP until 1997) to cope with the demand of needed telephone lines, and by the sheer competitive pressure in the Perth market, which had a comparative oversupply of low-cost providers. In 1996, iiNet successfully expanded into the Adelaide market under the name light.iinet.net.au (named after Colonel Light), in partnership with locals John Lindsay and Leigh Hart. The SA arm moved quickly to become the number three ISP in the state, before being acquired by Auslink in 1998.
Information Presentation Facility (IPF) is a system for presenting online help and hypertext on IBM OS/2 systems.  IPF also refers to the markup language that is used to create IPF content.  The IPF language has its origins in BookMaster and Generalized Markup Language developed by IBM. The IPF language is very similar to the well-known HTML language, version 3.0, with a range of additional possibilities. Therefore, a trained user may use virtually any word processor when creating IPF documents. The IPF language consists of 45 basic commands. _NEWLINE_IPF files are compiled using the IPF Compiler (IPFC) into viewable INF or HLP files.  IPF HLP files are distinct from the WinHelp HLP files that are prevalent in Windows._NEWLINE_OS/2 contains a built in viewer, and there are other viewers available for other platforms.
The Pacific plate subducts in the IBM trench, so understanding what is subducted beneath IBM requires understanding the history of the western Pacific. The IBM arc system subducts mid-Jurassic to Early Cretaceous lithosphere, with younger lithosphere in the north and older lithosphere in the south.  It is not possible to directly know the composition of subducted materials presently being processed by the IBM Subduction Factory – what is now 130 km deep in the subduction zone entered the trench 4 – 10 million years ago.  However, the composition of the western Pacific seafloor-oceanic crust – sediments, crust, and mantle lithosphere – varies sufficiently systematically that, to a first approximation, we can understand what is now being processed by studying what lies on the seafloor east of the IBM trench._NEWLINE_The Pacific plate seafloor east of the IBM arc system can be subdivided into a northern portion that is bathymetrically ‘smooth’ and a southern portion that is bathymetrically rugged, separated by the Ogasawara Plateau.  These large-scale variations mark distinct geologic histories to the north and south. The featureless north is dominated by the Nadezhda Basin.  In the south, crude alignments of seamounts, atolls, and islands define three great, WNW-ESE trending chains (Winterer et al. 1993):  the Marcus Island-Wake Island-Ogasawara Plateau,  the Magellan Seamounts Chain, and the Caroline Islands Ridge.  The first two chains formed by off-ridge volcanism during Cretaceous time, whereas the Caroline Islands chain formed over the past 20 million years. Two important basins lie between these chains: the Pigafetta Basin lies between the Marcus-Wake and Magellan chains, and the East Mariana Basin lies between the Magellan and Caroline chains._NEWLINE_The age of Western Pacific seafloor has been interpreted from seafloor magnetic anomalies correlated to the geomagnetic reversal timescale Nakanishi, Tamaki & Kobayashi 1992 and confirmed by Ocean Drilling Program scientific drilling.  Three major sets of magnetic anomalies have been identified in the area of interest. Each of these lineation sets comprises M-series  (mid-Jurassic to mid-Cretaceous) magnetic anomalies that are essentially "growth rings" of the Pacific Plate. These anomaly sets indicate that the small, roughly triangular Pacific plate grew by spreading along three ridges (Bartolini & Larson 2001).  The oldest identifiable lineations are M33 to M35 (Nakanishi 1993) or perhaps even M38 (Handschumacher et al. 1988).  It is difficult to say how old these lineations and the older crust might be; the oldest magnetic lineations for which ages have been assigned are M29 (157 Ma; (Channell et al. 1995).  Magnetic lineations as old as M29 are not known from other oceans, and the area in the Western Pacific that lies inside the M29 lineation – that is, crust older than M29 – is on the order of 3x106 km², about a third of the size of the United States.  ODP site 801 lies on seafloor that isconsiderably older than M29 and the MORB basement there yields Ar-Ar ages of 167±5 Ma (Pringle 1992).  The oldest sediments at site 801C are middle Jurassic, Callovian or latest Bathonian (~162 Ma; Gradstein, Ogg & Smith 2005)._NEWLINE_Seafloor spreading in the Pacific during the Cretaceous evolved from a more E-W 'Tethyan' orientation to the modern N-S trend.  This occurred during mid-Cretaceous time, a ~35–40 Ma interval characterized by a lack of magnetic reversals known as the Cretaceous Superchron or Quiet Zone.  Subsequently, the location of N-S trending spreading ridges relative to the Pacific Basin migrated progressively to the east throughout Cretaceous and Tertiary time, resulting in the present marked asymmetry of the Pacific, with very young seafloor in the Eastern Pacific and very old seafloor in the Western Pacific._NEWLINE_Sediments being delivered to the IBM trench are not thick considering that this some of Earth's oldest seafloor.  Away from seamounts, the pelagic sequence is dominated by chert and pelagic clay, with little carbonate.  Carbonates are important near guyots, common in the southern part of the region. Cenozoic sediments are unimportant except for volcanic ash and Asian loess deposited adjacent to Japan and carbonate sediment]]s associated with the relatively shallow Caroline Ridge and Caroline plate.  Strong seafloor currents are probably responsible for this erosion or non-deposition._NEWLINE_The compositions of sediments being subducted beneath the northern and southern parts of the IBM arc are significantly different, because of the Cretaceous off-ridge volcanic succession in the south that is missing in the north. Lavas and volcaniclastics associated with an intense episode of intraplate volcanism correspond in time closely to the Cretaceous Superchron.  Off-ridge volcanism became increasingly important approaching the Ontong-Java Plateau.  There are 100–400 m thick tholeiitic sills in the East Mariana Basin and Pigafetta Basin (Abrams et al. 1993), and at least 650 m of tholeiitic flows and sills in the Nauru Basin, near ODP Site 462.  Castillo, Pringle & Carlson 1994 suggest that this province may reflect the formation of a mid-Cretaceous spreading system in the Nauru and East Mariana basins.  Farther north, deposits related to this episode consist of thick sequences of Aptian-Albian volcaniclastic turbidites shed from emerging volcanic islands, such as preserved at DSDP site 585 and ODP sites 800 and 801. A few hundred meters of volcaniclastic deposits probably characterizes the sedimentary succession in and around the East Mariana and Pigafetta basins. Farther north, at DSDP sites 196 and 307 and ODP site 1149, there is little evidence of mid-Cretaceous volcanic activity. It appears that the Aptian-Albian volcanic episode was largely restricted to the region south of present 20°N latitude.  Paleomagnetic and plate kinematic considerations place this broad region of off-ridge volcanism in the present vicinity of Polynesia, where today off-ridge volcanism, shallow bathymetry, and thin lithosphere is known as the 'Superswell' (Menard 1984; McNutt et al. 1990)._NEWLINE_The figure above shows the typical sediments drilled at Ocean Drilling Program site 1149, east of the Izu-Bonin segment.  The sediments drilled at ODP site 1149 are about 400 m thick and are as old as 134 million years.  The sedimentary section is a typical pelagic stratigraphy, accumulated mostly in the Cretaceous but also in the last 7 million years (late Neogene) built on a basement of Early Cretaceous oceanic crust.  The lowermost portion is carbonate and chert, the next layer is very chert-rich, the third layer is clay-rich.  This is followed by a long depositional hiatus before sedimentation resumes ~6.5 Ma (Late Miocene), with deposition of volcanic ash, clay, and windblown dust.  The stratigraphy east of the Mariana segment differs from that being subducted beneath the Izu-Bonin segment in having a much greater abundance of Early Cretaceous intra-plate volcanics and flood basalts._NEWLINE_About 470m of oceanic crust was penetrated at ODP site 801C during Legs 129 and 185. These are typical mid-ocean ridge basalt that were affected by low-temperature hydrothermal alteration.  This crust is overlain by a 3 m thick, bright yellow hydrothermal deposit and about 60 m of alkali olivine basalt, 157.4±0.5 Ma old (Pringle 1992).
JSON Web Encryption (JWE) is an IETF standard providing a standardised syntax for the exchange of encrypted data, based on JSON and Base64. It is defined by RFC7516. Along with JSON Web Signature (JWS), it is one of the two possible formats of a JWT (JSON Web Token). JWE forms part of the JavaScript Object Signing and Encryption (JOSE) suite of protocols.
KARR 2.0 (Peter Cullen) is mentioned in the new Knight Rider series episode "Knight of the Living Dead", and is said to be a prototype of KITT (Knight Industries Three Thousand). The new KARR acronym was changed to "Knight Auto-cybernetic Roving Robotic-exoskeleton". Instead of an automobile, a schematic display shows a heavily armed humanoid-looking robot with wheeled legs that converts into an ambiguous off-road vehicle. _NEWLINE_In the episode, a spy infiltrates the SSC and activates a self-destruct program within KITT, placed there secretly by Dr. Graiman. In order to save KITT's operating system (which is given priority over his memories), Michael and Sarah transmit the files to the back-up computer at the headquarters, but the transmission is also intercepted by an unknown third party. It is stated that KITT, KARR and the base back-up computer are the only systems able to run the program, and leaves Dr. Graiman with only one conclusion: KARR 2.0 is still out there, and someone is trying to reactivate him.
In statistics, kernel-independent component analysis (kernel ICA) is an efficient algorithm for independent component analysis which estimates source components by optimizing a generalized variance contrast function, which is based on representations in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space. Those contrast functions use the notion of mutual information as a measure of statistical independence.
In 1495 Bishop Smythe established the school as a free grammar school as part of the same foundation as St. John's Hospital, a home for the elderly. Every day prayers are said for the school in the tiny chapel which forms part of the St. John's almshouses in St. John's Street. _NEWLINE_The school takes its name from the Tudor boy king who reigned between 1547 and 1553. The school crest incorporates features of the royal Tudor coat of arms. The Latin inscription beneath, "Deo, Patriae, Scholae", is broadly translated as "for God, Country, and School"._NEWLINE_In the 18th century a number of eminent people were educated at the school. These included the great scholar and compiler of the first English dictionary, Dr. Samuel Johnson (the buildings of the former grammar school bear his name), David Garrick, the actor, and Joseph Addison, the essayist and politician. Two of the school's four houses are named after Addison and Garrick. (The other houses are named after Roger de Clinton who founded a priory in Lichfield in the 12th century and Erasmus Darwin, who lived in the City for a number of years)._NEWLINE_Until the beginning of the twentieth century the school occupied the school house in St. John's Street, opposite St. John's Hospital. It can still be seen, now forming part of the District Council premises. In 1903 the first building on the present site was opened. Further extensions were added in the 1920s and 1950s to what has come to be known as Johnson Hall._NEWLINE_King Edward VI School was also linked to the last State boarding school in the Staffordshire area.  From 1953 to 1981 it was linked to Maple Hayes boarding school which housed up to 70 boys. Maple Hayes was purchased by Staffordshire council in 1951 after being sold by the Worthington family and officially opened as a boarding school on 18 November 1953. Boys would walk the 3.1 miles to King Edward VI school each day and board at Maple Hayes. It closed as a boy's boarding school in 1981 ending a 200 year history of State boarding schools in the Staffordshire area.
Van Mensvoort is the head of the Next Nature Lab at the Industrial Design Department of the Eindhoven University of Technology, a position he has held since 2003._NEWLINE_In 1997 Van Mensvoort received a Master of Science degree in computer science, specializing in computer graphics from the Eindhoven University of Technology. In 2000 he completed a Master of Fine Arts degree at the Sandberg Institute in Amsterdam. In 2008 he was Visionary in Residence at Art Center College of Design in Pasadena. Van Mensvoort received a doctorate from the Eindhoven University of Technology in 2009 for his thesis What You See Is What You Feel. Van Mensvoort is the founder and director of the Next Nature Network, a design-and-think tank based in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
An operating system may define volumes or logical disks and assign each to one physical disk, more than one physical disk or part of the storage area of a physical disk. For example, Windows NT can create several partitions on a hard disk drive, each of which a separate volume with its own file system. Each floppy disk drive, optical disc drive or USB flash drive in Windows NT becomes one volume. Windows NT can also create partitions that span multiple hard disks drives. Each volume is identified with a drive letter.
A hardware-level redundant array of independent disks (RAID) exposes itself to the operating system as one logical disk while the array itself consists of several disks. The operating system either does not know that the hardware with which it is interfacing is a RAID, or knows but still does not concern itself with intricate details of storage. In case of the latter, specialized management, maintenance and diagnostics software dedicated to that specific RAID may run on the operating system.
Born in Bandung, West Java, Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia), Soetoro was the ninth of ten children of Martodihardjo, who was an employee of a mining office from Yogyakarta.  Soetoro's father and eldest brother were killed during the Indonesian National Revolution, when Indonesia won independence from the Dutch, and the Dutch army burned the family's home. Soetoro fled with his mother to the countryside._NEWLINE_Soetoro earned his bachelor's degree in geography from Gadjah Mada University, in Yogyakarta.  In 1962, Soetoro, then a civilian employee of the Indonesian Army Topographic Service, obtained an East–West Center grant for graduate study in geography at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. He arrived in Honolulu in September 1962 and graduated from the university with a M.A. in geography in June 1964.
MHSnet is a store-and-forward Message Handling System for wide area networks.  MHSnet and its precursor, SUN3, were used to implement the Australian Computer Science network, commonly known as ACSnet, which connected Australia's Universities to each other and to ARPANET._NEWLINE_MHSnet was originally developed at the University of Sydney by Piers Lauder and Bob Kummerfeld and was originally known as SUN3 (Sydney University Network version 3).  Technically, it is similar in concept to UUCP in that it enabled the transfer of email, Usenet, and files in an efficient manner over non-dedicated links.  In addition, it supported dynamic routing and a hierarchical name space avoiding the limitations of hardwired network addresses._NEWLINE_MHSnet was a key technology in the introduction of Internet access in Australia. Due to the prohibitive costs of telecommunications structure, and the small amount of bandwidth available both internally and to other countries, MHSnet provided a system that could more efficiently use network resources. Gateways between ACSnet and the Internet were provided by many universities, and access to non-academic users was granted in the early 1990s._NEWLINE_In 1989, with the introduction of AARnet which directly connected Australia's Universities to the Internet, the ACSnet and MHSnet became obsolete._NEWLINE_ACSnet connected hosts in Australia resided in a .oz domain, which was moved into the Internet's .au namespace as .oz.au.
There is a need for more empirical research to examine the varying characteristics in existing marketing simulations in light of various course requirements and various student groups.  There is emerging instructional research on the learning framework proposed by marketing simulation games which focuses on how game analytics and learning analytics provide students with personalized experiences and how this increases their engagement. Often this research is focused on just one marketing simulation game platform used in a small number of universities coming from the same country or region._NEWLINE_Acceptance of computer-based simulation devices in learning can affect learning outcomes. It has been argued that computer-based simulation games, involving the use of technology that users are less familiar with, can place an additional burden on learners and generate frustration and low satisfaction that can negatively affect learning outcomes  Valid criticism appears when students are involved in ‘gaming’ the simulation algorithm in search of higher returns. In this mode of play, students typically manifest behaviour where they adopt high-risk decisions, often giving little thought on the decision-making process itself, thus reducing learning outcomes.
Blanchette studied mathematics and computer science at Bachelor of Science (1997) level, before studying computer science at Master of Science (1998) level, both at the Université de Montréal. He gained his PhD from the University of Washington in 2002, under the supervision of Martin Tompa. His thesis, titled Algorithms for phylogenetic footprinting, presented the first reasonable algorithm for gene order phylogeny and elaborated on phylogenetic footprinting. Following this, he worked as a postdoctoral researcher at the Center for Biomolecular Science and Engineering at the University of California, Santa Cruz, working with David Haussler.
Blanchette became Associate Professor in the McGill University School of Computer Science in 2002. His research focuses on developing computational methods for detecting functional regions in DNA sequences. His postdoctoral work developed algorithms for reconstructing ancestral mammalian genomes. His recent work continues this path, particularly with regard to developing algorithms for inferring gene regulation.
Blanchette was awarded the ISCB Overton Prize in 2006, recognising his "fundamental, highly cited contributions in several areas of bioinformatics". He was awarded a Sloan Research Fellowship in 2007._NEWLINE_Blanchette has served on the Editorial Board of the journal Genome Research and as of 2014, serves on the Editorial Board of the journal Algorithms for Molecular Biology.
The Mashup Creator was a tool that let users fit together pre-built blocks in order to mash together different web services and visualization tools. For example, a user could join together photo and map blocks in order to get a geotagged map of pictures on a topic of their choice. An advanced view for blocks allowed users to modify the code of the block in JavaScript, as well as giving users flexibility in designing the programs. Additional HTML code could also be added to the mashups. A feature similar to IntelliSense, with autocompletion of HTML code, was available as well._NEWLINE_The Mashup Creator also provided a preview function, with live preview in the background as users link blocks. Tutorials were available, and error notices were given to users when incompatible data was sent between blocks.
The school is a registered Project Lead the Way magnet school. Project Lead The Way is a national program that aims to educate middle and high schoolers in STEM curriculum.  The school offers engineering and robotics classes that offer college and university level credit if an AP exam is taken. The well known Computer Science program was run for many years by Daniel Lafferty, a former Microsoft programmer, who retired in 2017. The school offers college-level engineering classes that offer college credit through the local Edmonds Community College's College in the High School program. The school also offers several Advanced Placement classes.
Codec2 is an open source alternative which uses half of the bandwidth of AMBE to encode speech of similar quality, created by David Rowe and lobbied by Bruce Perens. Codec2 still continues to evolve, with additional "modes" being developed, refined and made available on a continuous basis. This has resulted in an open source codec that has progressively increased its robustness and performance – when subjected to some of the most challenging RF and acoustic environments.
